CN. If you haven't, make sure you do. So CN from workspace UI lib utils. Now inside of here, let's go ahead and do relative flex cursor pointer items start gap three border bottom padding four py 5 text small leading tight hover bg accent hover text accent foreground and then let's go ahead and let's check if path name which we don't yet have so let me just quickly add it I always forget to add the path name. So in here, let's just do const path name use path name from next navigation. That's it. That's all we need. Let's go back to our check here. So if path name is identical to this. So if we are currently selected in that case, let's just quickly add bg accent and let's add text accent foreground. Basically, we're we are doing it as if we were hovering over it. So it kind of indicates okay this is selected. I think you can actually see that here. Let me just show you. You can see how this one is hovered. It's selected. That's what that is. All right. Now inside of this link, let's go ahead and let's uh render something. So let's add a div. Let's go ahead and give it a class name which is going to be dynamic. So I'm going to add minus translate Y 1 and a half absolute top 1 and a half left zero height 64% width one rounded R full BG neutral 300 opacity zero transition opacity and then simply copy the path name check again. In that case, go ahead and add opacity 100. So, what is this? This is super weird. And also, it's a self-closing tag. So, what is this weird div? It's not visible right now, but basically, I'm not sure if you can see, but this little indicator that something is selected, that's what this is. You're going to see it in a second. Now outside of this after this self-closing div let's let's add the dice bear avatar component which we developed in the previous chapter previous chapters. So workspace UI components dice bear avatar here and let's go ahead and let's pass the seed here to be conversation contact uh contact session dot ID or you could have just used the contact session ID like that. And let's give it the size of 40. Let's give it class name shrink zero. Let's refresh now. Oops. Turbo dev. Let's refresh and let's see if we can actually load something. And there we go. So for each contact session that you have, you should have a different glass icon. And when you hover, you can see how nice it looks. Great. So now that we have this, let's go ahead and open a new div. Class name flex one. Let's open a div. Class name flex full width items center and gap 2. And then in here, let's go ahead and render a span conversation contact session.name. And let's give this a class name of truncate and font bold. There we go. And now you should see the name of your contact session, whatever that was at the time of you creating it. Great. So, let's go ahead and open this again. Class name ML auto flex uh actually it's just shrink zero and then text muted foreground and then text extra small format distance to now. uh we already used this somewhere but I fear that it was in the widget right which means that we have to install another package here so let's do pnpmf web add date fns so basically filter to the web app and add date fns and let's actually check the uh date fns version so it's this one so I just want to add the same one to avoid any conflicts between my packages here. There we go. Looks like all is well. And now I should be able to import format distance to now from date FNS. Let me just do that here from date FNS. Great. And inside I'm going to pass conversation creation time. So let's check that out. There we go. So about 6 hour ago, 8 hours ago, one day one day ago. Um great. Now let's go outside this span outside of this div and let's open a new div with a class name margin top one. So we separate the bit from the creation time above and let's do flex items center justify between and gap two. Inside of here, let's add another div with a class name flex with zero grow items center and gap one. And then let's check is last message from operator. If it is, we're going to add corner up left icon. We're going to give it class name size three, shrink zero, and text muted foreground. Basically what is this? This will be a nice little indicator for us so that we know that we sent the message back. So when we are just looking at it like this we know that we have responded to all of these conversations. Well in our case the AI responded but still same thing basically the user wasn't ignored. The user received a response. And then let's add a span here. conversation last message question mark text. There we go. And now let's render it in a nice way, shall we? So let's give this a class name CN line clamp one text muted foreground and text extra small. Already looking much better. And now let's go ahead and check if not last is last message from operator. So if last message came to us and we didn't respond to it, let's go ahead and mark it as font bold and text black. And just for fun, you can change this to true just to see how it's going to look like. So it's going to be looking like this when we didn't respond to the user. Basically as if we didn't even see that message. Uh, so it's going to be much more visible like, hey, you didn't respond to this user. If this little indicator wasn't enough, it's also going to be very bold. So you're going to see, okay, this user is waiting for your answer. Excellent. And now outside of this div, let's go ahead and reuse our conversation status icon. We can import this. Let's go ahead and just do that here. So import conversation status icon from workspace UI components conversation status icon. We developed this in the previous chapters. Let's add status here. Conversation status. And let's see. There we go. Already looking much much better. And now let's go ahead and let's try the following. Let's try and create the flag for each of our uh customer here because right now we're only using the country but we aren't actually generating the badge thingy so that we can display where the user is from. So let's go inside of country utils where we develop the get country from time zone and just below let's do export function get country flag URL country code string and let's go ahead and generate the country flag by using a an amazing free service flagcdn.com. Let's go ahead and define the width 40. And then inside of here, let's pass in the country code to lowercase.png. Literally that simple to get access to all the flags in the world. So truly an amazing service. And now let's go ahead and go back inside of the conversations panel uh and let's actually use it. So we're going to check if we were able to obtain country code. Let's use the get country flag URL. Pass in the country code otherwise undefined. So make sure you have imported the get country flag URL. And now let's go ahead and use the country flag URL constant just above here on the dice avatar. And let's pass in badge image URL country flag URL. And if it's undefined, it simply won't be rendered. And there we go. >> [clears throat] >> You can see that I'm from Croatia. So all of my requests here I'm are made with the Croatian flag. Amazing. And when you click on it, I'm pretty sure it's going to be 404, but still it basically works. It redirects you somewhere. Uh amazing. Amazing. So in here, it seems like we don't have the message probably because we were just testing the conversations in the first place, but I am super happy with how this turned out. And now let's enable the filter because that's currently uh not working. So there's a very easy way we can do that by using local use state. Um but I imagine users wanting to use this for example they want to set this to escalated and they will pretty much use escalated all the time right so I don't want them to have to go to their app every single time and change to escalated. So how about we use uh a package a state management that we already have in our widget app yot and just use it here and use the atom with storage which will automatically save this value in the local storage so the user doesn't have to track it. So let's go ahead and quickly check what version of yai are we using in the widget. So it's this version. Let's go ahead and do PNPM F web add yotai. Whoops. That's not how you add that. There we go. Like that. And that should add the exact version, I believe. There we go. Now, let's go ahead and let's go inside of apps web. Inside of web, uh let's go ahead inside of dashboard module. Let's add constants.ts and I will export const uh let me just call this status filter key CVA or actually call it echo status filter like this. And then let's go ahead again back inside of the dashboard here and let's create atoms.ds. Let me close everything else so we can actually see what I'm doing. Inside of apps web modules dashboard atoms. Let's import atom with storage from yoti utils. Let's import doc from workspace backend generated data model. And let's export const status filter atom atom with storage. And let's go ahead and give it the key of status filter key and the default value. So you can set this to be all. And now let's just make it properly typed. So open these and you can go ahead and add document conversations status or all like that. Perfect. And now that you have this, let's go back inside of the conversations panel and let's go ahead and add that atom here. So we we are already familiar with this. So con status filter here can be uh use atom value from yi react and let's use status filter atom and cons set status filter use set atom status filter atom like this and then let's go ahead and give the value of this to be status filter and on change let's get the value here and let's call set status filter and pass in the value I'm just yeah it just won't be compatible here um okay so let's just do value as and then pass all the possible options unresolved escalated resolved and also all because we do have an item that is all and inside of here I mean inside of the status filter atom we also allow all because remember all isn't a status so in our case all means just load all of them and now that we have this we can actually go ahead and modify the use pageionated query here to check if we have the status so let's go ahead and check if status filter is equal to all in that case it will be undefined otherwise status status filter. Uh yeah, just pass status filter. That's it. And I'm not sure if this will throw errors or not. So So by default, when I hover over status filter, it could be unresolved, escalated, resolved, or all. And in here, if I check if it's all, it's undefined. Otherwise, oh, this is super cool. Typescript is very smart. You can see, yeah, by default, it includes all. But if it's in this conditional case, it automatically removed the all type. I am actually impressed by TypeScript. Very cool. So right now all of mine are unresolved. So if I change this to escalated, it's empty. Same thing with resolved. Only unresolved should actually load something. So you can actually go inside of your conversations here, pick one, and just change it to be resolved and change some other one to be escalated. And let me repeat this resolved. And there we go. You can see how now you have more variety here. Amazing. Great. Uh, perfect. So, uh, let's go ahead and now add infinite loading here simply because it's super easy to do and we already have all the components that we need. So let's go back inside of the conversations panel and just below the use pageionated query here let's go ahead and let's add use infinite scroll like this. Now we have to import uh use infinite scroll. So let's just quickly do that here at the top somewhere. So from workspace UI hooks use infinite scroll. And let's also add infinite scroll trigger from workspace UI components. Infinite scroll trigger. Uh, great. So now that we have this, uh, let's go ahead and do the following. So inside of here, we're going to add status to be conversations dot status and conversations load more for load more and load size will be 10 same as my initial number of items. And then in here, let's go ahead and let's dstructure all of these things. top element ref handle load more can load more is loading more and is loading first page. Great. And now let's go ahead and actually uh add the infinite scroll trigger. So we're going to go all the way down after we finish this iterating over the conversations. Still inside of this div, let's add the infinite scroll trigger. It's a self-closing tag. And let's simply go ahead and pass it can load more is loading more handle load more and top element rough. And [snorts] by default uh you for a second just saw no more items which will basically appear at the bottom here when you reach the end of the list. So, as always, in order to test if this is working correctly, I recommend that you change the initial number of items and the load size to maybe like five and go ahead instead of the use infinite scroll and disable the observer. Refresh. And there we go. So now you have to click load more to load the previous five, which is basically what's done automatically by the default settings. There we go. Um, amazing. So, uh, I believe that's all that we wanted to do here. Um, what we can also do here is we can use the is loading first page to create a nice uh, loading element here. So, let's go ahead and quickly do that. So right here before we enter the scroll area let's check if is loading first page loading otherwise render the entire scroll area like this and let's indent this thing. So now while it's loading first page you will see a brief loading element here. And now let's go ahead and let's actually build this uh loading element. So I'm going to go down here and I will do export con skeleton conversations. Let's go ahead and let's return a div. And basically um this div here will be pretty much I think the exact same thing. Actually not exactly. Okay. So let's give it a class name as the following flex minimum height zero flex one flex column gap 2 and overflow auto. Then inside, let's create another div. And let's go ahead and give it the following classes. Relative, flex, full width, minimum width of zero, flex column, and padding 2. And then let's go ahead and let's open one more div, which will actually be the container. And now we're going to render the items inside. So with full space Y2, and text small, we actually don't need the text uh because there won't be any text. Now in here, let's go ahead. Oops, not like this. Let's go ahead and do array from length 8 dot map. Skip the first element, get the index, and let's return a div here. And let's close it. And now in here, let's go ahead and do class name flex items start gap three rounded large padding four and last border bottom zero. Actually just this is enough. Let's go ahead and give it key of index. And inside let's add skeleton from workspace UI components skeletons. So just make sure you have added this import. And let's go ahead and give this a class name. Height 10, width 10, shrink zero, rounded full. That's our avatar. Let's create a div here. Class name, minimum width of zero, flex one inside another div. So I'm just recreating the how this looks like but in skeleton. Let's go ahead and give this flex full width items center and gap 2 skeleton class name height 4 width 24. Open this again. ML auto height of three width 12 shrink zero. like that. And just one more class name margin top of two skeleton class name height three width full. And let's use the skeleton conversations now here. So instead of this, let's just render skeleton conversations. And if you want to look at it more, you can set this to be true. And there we go. I think this looks pretty cool. And you can change this now to be is loading first page. And there we go. For now, you're going to have a very nice loading mode. Excellent. Very, very cool. All right, let's go ahead and merge this. In the meantime, in between the chapters, I'm going to debug why this is happening. When we open it, it should stay opened. So, kind of weird that that's happening, but sure, we are going to fix it. Uh, great. So let's go ahead now and merge this. So let's see. We added this. We added this and this. Great. And now let's go ahead and merge that. So 17 dashboard index. I'm going to stage all of my files. 17 dashboard index. Let's commit. Let me open the new branch. 17 dashboard. Uh what was it? Dashboard inbox. Yeah. And I will publish the branch. And now we're going to go ahead and see if we made any uh security issues in our code or any bugs in general. And here we have the summary. We introduced the conversations panel with infinite scrolling, filtering by status, and enhanced display including avatars, country flags, and message indicators. We added a resizable dashboard layout with a dedicated conversations panel and content area. We implemented a status filter for conversations with persistent storage. We enabled pageionated and filtered fetching of conversations including last message and contact details. Awesome. So as for the comments here, we were actually quite good. The first comment we get here and you can see how much research code rabbit actually does. So in here it actually compared my convex generated types and it found out that the message role can be user assistant tool and system which is true but in here what I do is I just check if we are not user and code rabbit says you should be careful that you know you should check if it's assistant well what code rabbit doesn't know is that technically whether we responded as the operator or if our AI robot responded both of that is considered the operator. So even if the system or even if the tool responds all of that is the operator because all of that is coming from our side the dashboard side. So technically this is actually true. Uh we should leave the code as it is because the only person who could be on the other side is the user. And in here it added uh potential time zone parsing errors. Um, yeah, we could do that for the country. Yeah, I see. So, I should check this outside of calling this function. Okay. Yeah, I I'll see uh I'll make sure we do that in the next chapter here. But for now, I think we're good. Let's go ahead and merge this pull request right here. After we have merged it, let's go ahead and go inside of main and let's click synchronize changes either here or here in the lower corner. You can do that. And once you have synchronized your changes, make sure that your uh Oh, I just realized I said index, not inbox. My bad. Uh, perfect. So, I believe that marks the end of this chapter. Amazing job and see you in the next one. In this chapter, we're going to implement dashboard chat, giving the ability to our operators to intercept the chat as humans and write messages to the user. We're also going to do some things from the previous chapter that we noticed like the sidebar state not working and also one thing that I know we forgot which is yai provider. So, let's go ahead and let's first fix the invalid sidebar default state which is actually a very funny bug. So if you do turbo dev and go inside of your web app, so localhost 3000, you will notice that this sidear is not exactly behaving as it should. Basically, it seems like it's always collapsed almost as if we added a variable that it's collapsed because right now when I expand it, when I click here in in its border here, now it's expanded. Great. And what I expect to happen is that the cookie changes and that when I refresh here, it should stay expanded. But that's not the case. And I actually figured out what it is. And it's quite funny. If you go inside of web and then go inside of modules, dashboard UI, layouts, dashboard, layout. The first thing I thought was maybe this cannot be an asynchronous component because I know that layout which is the reserved file name in the dashboard route group this can be asynchronous. So maybe I thought oh maybe this needs to be a synchronous and then this can be a synchronous but that's not the case. This doesn't have to be a synchronous. This is just fine. The problem is literally in the constant. Yes, you can see that the sidebar cookie name is sidebar state and we thought that it was a good idea to export this so we don't misspell it accidentally. But try and replacing this with a string instead. So the exact same thing from that constant and refresh and now it works. Try and collapse it and refresh and it will stay closed. Expand it and refresh and it will stay open. So the bug is quite funny. Looks like there is something weird happening in runtime uh in SSR because of the turbo repo monor repo structure because we are technically importing this constant from a package of ours and maybe it's not quick enough by the time server side rendering fires because this is exclusively for server side rendering needed right so I'm not too smart to tell you why this is happening uh but I'm 99% sure that this would not happen in production when we actually build the app. I'm 99% sure this is development only bug. So yeah, not so super fun, but at least we know it's very easy to fix. Let's just bring this back to this and let's add a little comment. Using sidebar cookie name from uh sidebar component does not work due to monor repo and SSR. Let's go ahead and do that and remove the sidebar cookie name. This way we at least know why we have to add string like this. Great. Now let's talk about the other thing that I wrote here. Uh add yota provider. So what is this? In the previous chapter, inside of our conversations panel component, we have this select component which uses the status filter atom and we just added yai for the first time inside of our web app because we used yai instead of vidget. But take a look at how vidget works. Uh instead of components providers, we have this provider from yai. But in here in the web app, we never added that provider. So why does Yai work? Well, looking at Yay's documentation for Nex.js, we have the explanation. By default, Yota uses implicit global store to keep track of atom values. This is what is referred to as providerless mode. This becomes an issue in SSR scenario because this global store is kept alive and is shared between multiple requests which can lead to bugs and security risks. So that's why it is preferred to import a provider from Yotai. Now uh as far as I know, we're not going to be using Yotai anywhere outside of the dashboard. So what we can do is we can go inside of our dashboard route group and let's go inside of layout and let's open the dashboard layout here and let's simply add the provider here uh in yoti react and we can actually add it even further. Let me just do this. We can add it like here. Yeah, inside the organization guard. I do want them to be uh uh above the provider from yay. So like this outguard organization guard and then yai provider and let me just check inside of my vidget layout. My apologies providers I import provider from yai. So I'm going to import from yai here as well not from yai react. And I don't think anything should work any differently now. We are just no longer using the providerless mode. Right. So now when I refresh, this should still stay escalated. Exactly. So we make it easier for our users so they don't have to constantly switch between the one they prefer. Awesome. Uh now let's go ahead and let's develop the chat. So, the first thing I want to do is I actually want to resolve this because we have this weird conversations page that isn't actually displaying anything and it's super easy for us to uh add something here. So, let's go inside of apps web modules. Let's go inside of dashboard UI and let's go ahead and create views. And then in here, uh let's go ahead and let's create the conversations view.ds. DSX and let's go ahead and import image from next image and let's export export constant conversations view like this. Inside of here, let's go ahead and return a div with a class name flex full height flex one flex column gap y4 and bg muted. Inside another div with a class name flex flex one items center justify center and gap x2. Let's render the image component with an out of logo, height of 40, width of 40, source logo SVG, and let's add a paragraph echo class name font semibold text large like this. Now that we have this conversations view, make sure to save it and then go inside of your apps web app dashboard conversations page.tsx. And in here you can just do conversations view. As simple as that. Because that's the only thing this page will display. I'll explain why in a second. So when we don't have any conversations selected, we don't really have anything to display here. So why don't we just display this kind of placeholder text? You can of course choose if you want to display a state like select a message or start a conversation, something like that. Only when we click on one of these are we going to render a different page. So let's go ahead and do that now. So instead of conversations, let's create a new folder conversation ID. The capitalization here matters, so be mindful of that. And add page.t tsx inside. And let's go ahead and return the page div conversation id like this. And now when you click here, you should no longer be having any errors. Instead, you should see this now has been replaced with conversation ID. Why does this work? And what if yours doesn't? If yours doesn't work, head back to modules dashboard UI layouts uh and let's go inside of conversations layout and head into the conversations panel. So in here you have to find where you iterate over your items here. So conversation results.m map and take a look at the link component. It should lead to forward/ conversations and then your conversation ID. So that's exactly what we just created. Let me close things inside of app dashboard we have conversations and then we just created the conversations ID which can be anything. This is how you create a dynamic uh params inside of Nex.js. So that's why it should work for you. Now what did I say? Why did I say that the capitalization matters? The reason it matters is because of this. If you want to extract the current ID, you're going to have to add the following params which are a type of promise and then inside conversation ID which is a type of string. And then in here you can destructure the params. So you can see how I spelled conversation ID with capital I. It is because of how we named it in the folder. If it was named something else in this folder, you would also have to extract it like that from here. That's what I say conversation uh capitalization matters. Uh unfortunately this is not strictly typed yet. I think that maybe you can do it with some experimental Nex.js features but right now you can type anything here and it won't throw you a warning. So you have to manually confirm that you did this correctly and then you can mark this as an asynchronous page and then you can destructure the conversation ID by using await params and then render the conversation ID. And there we go. Now you can see that each of your selected conversations which by the way looks super cool when selected also displays the proper conversation ID. And now I think you already know the flow of what we have to do. We have to pass this conversation ID to our newly created conversation ID view which we're going to create soon. And then we're going to have to fetch the convex API. So how about we do the complex part first and develop inside of packages backend convex private conversations. DS. Let's go just above our get many here and let's export const get one. And inside of here, let's go ahead and define the arguments to accept conversation ID, which is a vid of conversations. And that's the only thing we need actually. And then let's go ahead and define the handler. And let's go ahead and verify that we are logged in and that we are within the proper organization. For that, we can literally copy the things from above, from below. My apologies. Like this. Let me just indent this properly. So using context.out we can get the identity. If the identity is missing, we are not logged in. Then we can extract organization ID. And then we can throw a new convex error here. Now let's go ahead and let's get the conversation by using await context database get conversation ID using arguments conversation ID. And now if there is no conversation, let's go ahead and let's throw new convex error code not found and a message conversation not found. Now let's check if conversation organization ID is different from the one our user is currently logged in with. In that case, we can also throw back a convex error and we can pass the code unauthorized with the message invalid organization ID. Let's do it like this. Like that. Great. Uh and now let's go ahead and let's add the contact session uh relating for this conversation. So very similarly contact session is await context database get from our now proper at this point you know completely valid conversation object dot contact session ID and if there is no contact session ID let's also throw an error here so not found contact session not found let's spread the conversation and let's append the contact session object not ID contact session. There we go. So now we are safely loading conversation only for this organization ID and we are only returning it if we found a matching contact session so that we know the user's info. Excellent. Now that we have this, let's go ahead and let's display the conversation view component. So let's go ahead and close our backend package. Let's go inside of apps web app dashboard conversations conversation ID page. And inside of here, let's go ahead and let's return conversation view. My apologies, conversation ID view, which we don't yet have, and pass in the conversation ID. conversation ID as ID using workspace back and generated data model conversations. Now let's develop the conversation ID view. So this will be located inside of modules dashboard UI views. Conversation ID viewtsx let's mark it as use client and let's export const conversation ID view like this. Let's go ahead and destruct conversation ID from here. And let's go ahead and type that conversation ID is going to be a type of id conversations just like this. And let's go ahead and let's return a div client view because this is a client component. Now go back here and you can now safely import conversation ID view and your types should be working. Perfect. And there we go. Client view. Excellent. So now let's go ahead and let's add our const conversation use query from convex react here. And let's pass in the API private conversations get one and pass in the conversation ID like this. And now in here let's go ahead and do JSON stringify conversation. And now for each of your conversations here, you should be able to see looks kind of weird, but basically here your here it is your uh JSON object of that. Great. And now let's actually develop it. So it looks like something. So I'm going to go ahead and give this div a class name here. Flex full height flex column bg muted. Inside of here, I'm going to create a little header. So let's give this a class name flex items center justify between border bottom bg background padding 2.5 inside of here I'm going to add a button component so make sure you have imported it and I will simply add more horizontal icon from lucid react like this. Let's go ahead and give this a size of small and a variant of ghost. And let's see how that looks like. There we go. So, it should be exactly the same height as our neighboring element. Uh that's why I specified this specific padding here because I believe inside of the conversations panel, I'm using the exact same thing here. or at least uh it ends up being the same thing when combined with this div and select inside of it. Maybe the smarter idea would be to literally write the height value, but I managed to do it with padding. So, I'm going to keep doing it with padding. And let's [snorts] just keep this component like this for now. It's not going to do anything smart. Now what I want to do is I want to import all of our AI related components which we added in some previous chapter when we were developing the widget chat. So let's start by adding AI conversation content and scroll button from workspace UI components AI conversation. These are the ones we added manually and then we had to install the packages if you remember. So make sure you have this from AI conversation. Now from AI input add the input button submit text area toolbar and tools. And now let's add from AI message AI message and AI message content. And now let's go ahead and let's add AI response from AI response. Now let's add all the form fields. So form and form field from workspace UI components form. Uh let's go ahead and let's add zod. Let's keep them all together here. So zod and let's do react hook form. Uh yeah, looks like uh we are having all we don't really have this here because we only use them inside of the widget. Not sure if you remember and we had some problems with that. So hopefully this time it will be easier for us to uh do this. But I think this is okay for now. Let's go ahead and let's try and install this. So save this file and let's take a look. So search for ZOD and let's see. So we have ZOD 3.25.67. So I'm going to copy this because it's the working one. And I'm going to do PNPM F web add zod at 32567 inside of my web app right here. So this should hopefully add the exact same version of ZOD inside of web. Perfect. Now let's do react hook form. So this is 761.1 with the carrot. So pnpm f web add react hook form at this version. So now it should be the same thing. It should work just fine. Let's refresh. There we go. And we also have resolvers hook form resolvers 5.2.0. So now let's do this as well. PNPMF web add. There we go. Hook form resolvers. And let me add this specific version. Hopefully everything will work out fine. If not, we might have to like delete node modules or something. But yeah, all of our versions are now the same. So at least that is a good thing and no more errors here. So let's continue developing. Let's define the form schema here just above the conversation ID view. Form schema will simply be a message with a minimum requirement of one and message is required error. As simple as that. Now let's actually define our form here. So conest form will be use form like this. Inside of here add a resolver which will be the zod resolver and pass in form schema. Default values here are going to be message and just an empty string. Now let's go ahead and let's add a type here. Z infer type of form schema. And now let's go ahead and let's import the ZOD resolver because I forgot to do that. There we go. So now that we have the ZOD resolver set and all of this, uh, let's go ahead and create a little submit method here. Const on submit will be an asynchronous method with values which are going to be the exact same type as this. And for now, let's just console log the values because I don't think we've created the create method just yet. Perfect. Uh, and now we can go ahead and we can start developing this. So, let me just close this. Whoops. Let me close this. And just in case, I'm going to do turbo dev just to convince myself that these packages didn't cause any problems because they were quite uh they caused quite a bit of a problem in the widget component. But hopefully not now because we added correct versions. Anyway, let's go ahead now outside of this div, which we can actually call header so it's visually easier to separate them. Let's start the AI conversation. component and let's go ahead and give it a maximum height which we can do because we know what is the height of this header. How do we know that? Well, remember in the conversations panel I did the same thing here. So, I know it's 53 pixels. So, we can actually copy this exact class name here and just add it here. But actually it won't be 53 pixels because we also have to account for the uh let me show you. We also have to account for this part. So I already know the height of this. So all together it will be 180 pixels. I just don't want you to think like I'm where I'm pulling these numbers from. Well, I know them in advance, right? Uh so let's add AI conversation content. And in here let's go ahead and let's uh uh we have to load the messages now. Yes. So, let's see. Um, I think we're going to have to develop I'm trying to think if we can reuse any of our existing messages, but I think the best way would be to create a new hook. All right, let's quickly fix this. Save this file. Leave this error. Close everything so it's simpler. go inside of packages back end convex and go into public and copy the messages and paste them inside of private here. So now you can leave the create because we will technically need it but let's focus on the get many now. So in here we need thread ID and we don't need contact session anymore. Uh instead what we need is our usual verification. So let's just copy the this one and the organization ID thing like this. So replace the contact session in your newly copied private messages get many remove this add this instead. So we check if we are logged in and if we have the proper organization ID here. Uh and now inside of here let's do some additional check. So const conversation that we are trying to load the messages from will be fetched by uh my apologies. So let's just query conversations and let's just do with index by thread ID query query equals thread ID thread ID and where can we get the thread ID from uh oh arguments I forgot that we have it here. Okay, thread ID and unique because there can be only one combination. In case this one does not exist, something is wrong. So, we should not be able to even load this messages in the first place. So, let's throw back an error not found. And let's say conversation not found. And now let's check if conversation organization ID does not match the current organization ID that this user is logged into. And let's go ahead and throw in unauthorized invalid organization ID like that and then we can safely pass the pageionated here. Now I'm not sure if there is a way to pass in that user ID from here. If you remember when we uh let me try and find conversations. DS in the public folder and create. So in here when we create our first thread, we actually pass in the user ID here. So even if we didn't do this validation here, we should somehow technically be able to reuse that user ID which as you know we are uh having the organization ID for, right? So we could just technically use this organization ID and then somehow pass it here user ID like that and then it should only load that. But I have to explore the API. I'm not exactly sure if we can do that. I'm going to leave it like this for now because our validation is more than enough. We check if the organization matches. We check if the conversation exists. We check if the organization is present. All from this uh user identity which is not passed by the client, right? So we are more than secure uh when it comes to this. So let's now go back inside of our conversations ID view. conversation ID view here. Uh, and now in here we're going to have to add our messages. So, let's do that. Just below the conversation const messages will be use thread messages. And you can import use thread messages from convex dev agent react. Let me see. Do we have this here? Uh, we don't have this. All right. So, we need to import two UI messages and use thread messages from convex dev agent. As always, let's check what's the version we are on. this one. So, I'm going to copy this and let's do PNPMF web add convex dev agent at this version and that should resolve the issue. There we go. So now perfect works great. So now we have use thread messages here and let's go ahead and pass in API.private private dot messages which we just added get many. Now let's check do we have the conversation from above. Let me just copy it like this. So conversation dot thread ID. If we do have it, let's pass in the thread ID here. Otherwise, skip. And let's add the initial number of items to be 10. And now we have our messages. Perfect. So now we can iterate over them. So let's go back inside of our AI conversation content here. And let's go ahead and open two UI messages which we imported from above. Messages do.res results or empty array question mark.mmap and then get the individual message. Let's return AI message component here. Let's go ahead and give it a from property here. So if message roll is equal to user in that case we are the assistant otherwise we are the user. I know this is a little bit confusing but let me add a comment to explain in reverse because we are watching from assistant perspective. So all messages that are coming from the user should be labeled as assistant because then they're going to be rendered in the opposite bubble. Let me uh show you here. Right. So usually when you see a white bubble it means that someone is responding to you. the assistant is responding to you, right? But since we are the assistant in this way, in this case, we have to reverse that logic, right? Uh I hope this will make more sense later on when we compare both the widget and the operator dashboard. So you'll see why we have to do this. And the key will be message ID. Now let's add AI message content AI response message content. Outside of the message content, check if message role is equal to user. And if it is, add the dice bear avatar component, which is a self-closing tag by the way. So dice bear avatar from workspace UI components dice bear avatar. And let's go ahead and let's pass in the seed to be conversation contact session ID. And let me just see. So uh yeah. Yeah, this is fine. Uh seed size is 32. Um yeah. Okay. Because technically this can be null. Okay, let's just for now fix it with like this user. All right. Uh, and then let's go ahead and add AI conversation scroll button like this. And let's see how this looks so far. Let's head to our local host 3000. Let's select one of the messages here. Maybe refresh in case you've restarted your server in the meantime like I did. So, it has to rebuild. And there we go. Looks very nice. And you can see how all the messages coming from the AI chatbot now look like we sent them because that's what we are. We are the assistant, right? So that should look like we are sending those messages. Great. I'm very happy with how this looks. So the user's message seem like they are the assistant, but we are actually the assistant. Right? It's confusing, I know, but it makes sense when you look at it because we are the operator. We are the dashboard. Uh, and now let's go ahead and let's develop outside of the AI conversation here, not paragraph. Let's add a div. Let's give it a class name of padding 2 and let's develop the form. Let's go ahead and let's spread the form constant which we defined above. And then let's use AI input again because this is underneath a form element. That's why let's go ahead and give it onsubmit here. Form handle submit onsubmit method. So you should have the onsubmit method which simply logs the values. And then in here let's add form field which is a self-closing tag. And now we're just doing the chaten form composition. So pass in the control form. Disabled will be if conversation status is equal to resolved and we can just add a question mark here. Name will be message render will be field AI input text area uh which is a self-closing tag. And now in here let's just add some props here. So let's see it will be disabled if conversation question mark status is resolved or if form form state is submitting or uh let's add a to-do or if enhancing prompt which we don't yet have but we will have onchange here will be field dot onchange on key down will very simply be uh the exact same thing that we have inside of our widget chat screen. So head inside of your apps widget modules screens widget chat screen find the form field AI input uh text area on key down and just paste it here so you save yourself some time. placeholder here conversation question mark status is equal to resolved. This conversation has been resolved. Otherwise, type your response as an operator like this and value will be filled dot value. All right. Now, inside of here, but still inside of the AI input, add AI input toolbar. AI input tools and inside of here AI input button. Now the button will have van 2 icon from lucid react and enhance text. Just make sure you added the van 2 icon. And we already have AI input button imported here. And then outside of AI input tools, add AI input submit. I think uh it is a self-closing tag. Yes, but we need to add some props here. So, it will be disabled if conversation status is resolved. Let's add a question mark here. Or if not form form state is valid. So if we if the form state is in invalid if we haven't typed anything in yet or if form state is submitting and or if is enhancing prompt which we don't yet have status here will be ready type will be submit. And now you should have a beautiful uh beautiful input here and the button to enhance the prompt which we don't yet have. And in case this button is getting in the way, you can try and hide it for this session. Like that. Now let's head back inside of our messages which we started developing. So backend convex private folder messages. DS. And we already have the create method here because we copied this from the public folder, right? But let's slightly modify the arguments. So we are no longer going to need the contact session ID and we are no longer going to need the thread ID. Instead we are going to need the conversation ID which is a type of ID conversations. Let's just fix this. There we go. Conversation ID. And let's quickly copy the authorization checks from here. And yeah, you can definitely abstract this and uh create a method to reuse this. Convex even offers you something called Convex helpers which allows you to create a role level security. Uh but that's something I will explore for a different time. For now I just want to focus on creating the uh project. So I'm going to remove this check for the contact session and I'm going to replace it with identity. Make sure you check for organization ID as well. And then let's go ahead and let's check for the conversation here. Uh and CS you uh one thing we should probably change is this is a mutation. If you're wondering how come this is a mutation and the one from the public folder was an action. Well, because in here we are not actually going to be using the support agent at all. In here we are responding as an operator. We are not generating an AI message. So in here we can actually do this instead of using this internal query we can remove this and just use the normal query and this will be arguments dot conversation ID and then if the conversation is not available not found and then let's just quickly check one thing here this basically so we don't have to type it again after we confirm that the conversation exists confirm that we have the matching organization ID are we allowed to send messages in in this conversation. And then the same thing here uh for if the status is resolved, we shouldn't be able to send any messages. And then in here, let's go ahead and let's instead of using AI to save a message, let's just save a human message. And you already know how to do this, believe it or not. Remember, inside of our conversations.ts in the public folder, when we allow the user to create a new conversation, we do the usual session check blah blah blah. And then look at what we do. We manually create a message. So, we already know how to do this. Let's do it. I'm just going to copy this. I'm going to go back inside of my messages here. So I'm working in the create method of the convex private messages.ds and paste it here. Let's import save message from convex dev agent. Let's import components from generated API. Remove the internal. We no longer need it. The thread ID comes for conversation.thread ID like this. And now in here let's add agent name. And let's go ahead and pass this as identity dot family name. This doesn't really matter, but it could be a good idea for you to already keep track of which agent responded, right? Because agent name is a property that exists within the message component itself. But we are not really differentiating between agents. We are we are kind of considering the entire organization an a a agent even though it can have multiple operators. We never really showcase their image or their name. But internally if you want to you can keep the agent name here. Uh you probably don't even need this field at all but I'm just giving you an option to do that if you want to. And for the role in here, it will be assistant. And the content will very simply be the prompt. And let's just uh see what's wrong with my prompt here. What is my prompt? Oh, my prompt doesn't exist. My prompt needs to be accessed through arguments. There we go. Perfect. So now this is my save message method here. And yeah, let me just add a little to-do. check if agent name is needed or not. But for now, yeah, you can leave it as identity family name. And then this will literally be the logged in user's name like Antonio or something like that. [snorts] But we are not displaying this anywhere. That's why I keep saying that it's not super important. Nor are we using it for literally any other thing. Now let's go ahead and use this create method. So let's go back instead of the individual conversation ID view here and let's go ahead and do const create message here use mutation from convex react API private messages create like this make sure you have added use mutation here and I think that we already have the API and now let's go ahead and let's add this so what we now have to do here is open try and catch let's do await create message pass in the conversation ID and prompt will be values dossage and then do form reset and in the catch let's go ahead and let's do toast but uh we have to import toast from soner uh okay for now let's just do console error error like this. And now that we have onsubmit, I think that that's all we have to do actually. So go ahead and just pick a random chat and try and respond. This is an a human response. There we go. And you can see how no AI response is being triggered here because we have to trigger it through code. Right? When we are looking at back and convex private messages here, all we do is we save the message here. But for example, when we do messages.ts in the public folder, so click public here or just go inside of packages back and convex public folder messages. When we do create here, it's a different thing. It's an action. We validate the user session here. And then what we do is we basically tell the agent what to respond with and we give it the prompt here. So we call support agent. All right, generate some text back. And if you're wondering, well, how does the user's message get saved then? Well, this convex component handles that for us. So when we call generate text, it will both save the message and it will respond the AI message. But in this case, we only want one of those things to happen. So we extract the save message from the convex agent component and we just save it still as an assistant because in this case, yes, we are the assistant in this case. We are not the user. And let's just uh double check this, you know, by uh opening our localhost 3001. And let's just pick one with a working organization. You can see I have it saved in my URL here. So, you know the deal already. Make sure you have a working organization ID in your widget or visit uh dashboardclerk.com and then in here click on the organizations tab. Mine is loading slowly now. But basically, click on the organizations tab and then you can find the organization ID. So, let's check things here. There we go. This is a human response. So if I go ahead and combine these two, you can see that hello, I can respond and you can see how this looks like. I am a human, but still if I say hi there, I will still get an AI response. And you can see how it appears as if we sent that. That's exactly what we want. But what's actually supposed to happen is that when the operator responds, the AI should be turned off. And we're going to handle this uh by creating a new status called unresolved. I mean, we already have that status, but we currently don't really have a way uh my apologies, escalated status. That's the one I should be talking about. So, when the operator responds, we're going to change this from unresolved to escalated. And then this means okay uh either the human has requested uh either the user has requested a human or the operator chimed in themselves as a human. So that's what we're going to focus the ne next chapters on tool calling uh and basically wrapping this up as much as possible. This operator dashboard and maybe this enhance prompt as well which is super simple. You will type something click enhance and it will give you a better response. And we also have the contact panel on the right here that we have to develop. Uh, perfect. But I think this was the goal of this chapter. Let's see. We added the yoti provider, conversation ID, view, messages functions, and conversation functions. And now let's merge this. So 18 dashboard chat. Let's go ahead and stage all of our changes here. 18 dashboard chat. Let's commit them. I'm going to open a new branch. 18 dashboard chat and I will quickly publish the branch. And now let's go ahead and let's review our code just in case we had any serious security issues. We we are actually quite on a good run in the last few pull requests. It was almost perfect. Let's see if uh luck follows us in this PR as well. And here we have the summary. We introduced a conversations dashboard page displaying a list of conversations. We added a detailed conversation view page allowing users to view and participate in conversation threads, send messages and see role based message styling. We implemented form validation and input handling for sending messages within a conversation. We also added backend support for fetching a single conversation, retrieving messages with pageionation and creating new messages. Exactly what we did in here. Of course, we have uh the sequence diagram explaining what we do, but this is exactly the same thing as our widget screen chat. We are already familiar with this entire thing. As for the comments, it suggests doing exactly what we have planned to do, adding the toast library here to display the proper error because we can do that in the dashboard. In here, I have a typo. It's unauthorized, not anorized. Uh in here I am checking if I have a missing conversation and I'm throwing contact session not found. Um I'm pretty sure I'm doing the if check. Okay, but I'm throwing the incorrect message. So I think that I should actually keep doing the conversation here and just fix my convex message because in the private conversations there is no reason for us to check for the contact session. I think let me just quickly check messages uh actually conversations.dts in the private here. Let's see line 49. Ah I see. So we check the conversation here and then instead of using contact session I'm using conversation here. So I never really check if this exists or not. Absolutely correct. Thank you code rabbit. We're going to fix that in the next chapter. And in here, yeah, the same thing we mentioned. Uh you can see how it knows from the types that agent name is optional. So, we should either drop it or decide what to do with it. Yeah, good good comments here. And one security issue fixed by code rabbit. Well, not exactly a security issue, but uh proper inner join behavior fixed. So, merge this. Head inside of your main branch and click synchronize changes. Click okay. And as always, double check that your graph looks properly. Let's click here. There we go. I believe that marks the end of this chapter. Amazing job and see you in the next one. In this chapter, we're going to enable AI tool calling, enabling our AI to escalate the conversation to a human operator or to resolve it themselves. Before we do that, we're going to first enable manual status change from the operator side. So let's go ahead and go inside of our packages backend convex private conversations. And in here in the previous chapter in our get one query, we do an invalid if check here. So once I obtain the contact session, I need to check if the contact session doesn't exist and throw the error. Uh there's a chance that you did this correctly. This is what code rabbit told me in the previous chapter to fix. So that's what I'm fixing now. Basically in this uh get one query. And now let's go ahead and let's develop update status mutation. So make sure you have imported mutation from generated [clears throat] server. And then in here let's go ahead and let's define all the arguments that are available. But before we do that, let's just define a handler so we get rid of the errors so it's easier to look at. And then let's go ahead and add conversation ID which is a type of V conversations and then status which is a union of these three values. They need to match exactly what you have in your schema for the conversations table. So just make sure that this is exactly the same. You can even copy it from here and then paste it here. Now let's go ahead and let's get the context and the arguments in the handler. And let's go ahead and first do the identity and organization check by simply copying it from the get one query. And let's go ahead and paste it here. It should be identical. Unauthorized if identity wasn't found and unauthorized if the organization wasn't found. Now let's go ahead and as always let's check if the conversation that we are trying to modify exists in the first place. In case conversation does not exist, let's go ahead and throw a convex error. I think we can borrow that from below as well. And while we are here, you already guessed it. Let's check if the conversation organization ID matches. We can copy this as well. And let's throw an error if it doesn't match. There we go. And now let's go ahead and simply do await context dot database.patch arguments conversation ID. Let's pass in the status arguments status. That's it. That's all we need for manual update status. Now, let's go ahead and let's implement a component that will do that. So, let's go ahead and first implement a little popover component so that when we actually hover in here, we're going to create that button for the operator to click that. But since it's not too intuitive because it's actually going to display the current state. So if it's if it is unresolved, the button will display unresolved. So it won't exactly be 100% clear what will happen if I click on that. So we're going to implement a little popover or a hint component that will basically be this like this. When you hover over it will tell you what will happen. So that's what I want to do. First let's go ahead inside of our packages. Let's go inside of UI source components and let's implement hint.tsx. Let's go ahead and let's import everything from tool tip. You already have tool tip when we added all shats components and let's mark this as use client. Let's create uh an interface hint props and inside of here let's create the props. So these are going to be the children which is a required react node. Text which is a required string side which is optional and it can be top, right, bottom or left. A line which is optional and it can be start, center or end. These values actually match the tool tip pretty well. So if you go ahead inside of here, not sure exactly where uh okay, they are internal I think from Radics itself. So they're not actually exportable. Maybe there are through radics, but let's just write them manually. Now let's export con hint component. And let's assign hint props here. And now we can destruct all the props. And we can define the side and the align to be top and center by default. And now inside of here, we're just going to follow the tool tip composition. So tool tip provider tool tip inside tool tip trigger which is going to have as child property and children rendered inside and inside the tool tip but below the tool tip trigger we're going to add tool tip content and inside of a paragraph we're going to render the text. As simple as that. Now let's go ahead and let's go inside of our apps web and let's go inside of modules dashboard UI components and inside of here I want to go ahead and I want to develop the status button. So I will do conversation status button tsx and let's go ahead and do export const conversation status button. Let's go ahead and quickly define the props. So that's going to be status which is a type of document. Whoops, not from here. Document from workspace backend generated data model. Select conversations and then select the status prop. And the other one is going to be on click which will just be an empty void. And now let's go ahead and do the following. If status is equal to resolved. Whoops. I have to destructure all of this, don't I? So status and uncclick. There we go. And now this should be not crossed out. Let's go ahead and let's return a hint which we just developed. So we can import it. import hint from workspace UI components hint and let's go ahead and give it text mark as unresolved and inside add a button from workspace UI components button render the check icon from lucid react and write resolved go ahead and give this button an on click of on click size of small and variant of tertiary. Now we don't have tertiary. So let's go ahead and quickly develop it. So you can commandclick inside of this button or control-click if you are on Windows or you can manually go inside of packages UA source components and find the button in here. After transparent, let's add tertiary bg gradient to bottom from. And now I'm just going to use a very specific shade of green that I like. This one to And now I'm just using a darker shade of green here like this. Text will be white. Hover will go to my apologies. hover will change the two value uh to be this again but with a 90% opacity. And again let's add hover text white. And now let's go ahead and let's copy this. And this one will be warning. This one will be from yellow 500 to let's change to a specific shade of orange B EB 0. And same thing here just a 90% opacity like that. And actually we don't need hover white. I think I think we can remove it from both places. There we go. So, they are identical. But in here, I found this. Okay. Uh, I haven't found the closest color inside of Tailwind. There probably is some. I just like to be specific with my colors for some weird reason. Feel free to change this to normal Tailwind colors. I just like this. All right. Now, we have territory and warning. Let's go inside of conversation uh status button here. And we should no longer have any errors here. And now, let's go ahead and copy the if here. This one will be escalated and return mark as resolved. Go ahead and add arrow up icon and this will be escalated and change this to warning. And then finally we have a default return and that's basically going to be the uh unresolved status. So hint will be mark as escalated, variant will be destructive and we're going to use arrow right icon and unresolved. All icons are from Lucid React. So what's going on here? If we are unresolved and you click on this button, we're going to mark this as unresolved. If we are escalated, we're going to mark it as resolved. If we are unresolved, we're going to mark it as escalated. This won't make sense until you actually see this in action, but it's actually quite a logical uh toggle loop. So, let's actually use it in action here. And I actually think that uh we can call this from here. Uh I keep thinking that I need to pass the on click here. H you know what? Okay, let's make this component serve for one purpose and one purpose only and that's to display things and let's keep the logic this on click button inside of conversation ID view. Let's do it like that. So let's now focus on the conversation ID view and below on submit let's go ahead and let's add the update uh status function. So I'm going to do const update status to be use mutation API private conversations update status and let's do update conversation status and then I'm going to do const uh handle toggle status. Let's go ahead and mark this as an asynchronous method. And in here, the first thing I'm going to check if we don't have the conversation and let's early return. Otherwise, let's go ahead and let's define the new status here to be a type of unresolved, resolved, or escalated but not defined. And then let's go ahead and check if conversation status is unresolved new status will be escalated. Else if conversation status is escalated new status is going to be resolved. Else new status will be unresolved. So what's the flow here? We are going to cycle through states from unresolved user will be able to click and this will then become escalated. From escalated it can be resolved and from resolved it can go back inside of unresolved. So if the button says unresolved you click on it and it will be escalated. When you click on escalated it will be resolved. And if you want to you can then reset the flow. And now let's open a try here. So await update conversation status conversation ID and status new status. And let's go inside of catch error and let's just console error error like this. There we go. So now uh we have that. Let's go inside of the header and after this button let's add status conversation status button and let's go ahead and pass it on click here to be handle toggle status and status conversation status. I can't decide between status and status. So I'm just using both of them. My apologies. Uh, and let's go ahead and uh how about we do if conversation exists then do this. Maybe that's better. Yeah, it's okay. Let's do it like that. All right. And let's turn this into a boolean. Okay. So now if you do turbo dev and head to your web so localhost 3000 in my case here in this corner you should have a button that will allow you to cycle through different states. So you can see that this one is unresolved and I can mark it as escalated. This one is resolved and I can mark it as unresolved. This one is escalated and I can mark it as resolved. So let's go through the cycle. There we go. Perfect. You can see how this goes through the cycles. And once it is resolved, you will see that I cannot talk back because this conversation has been resolved. We should also disable the enhance button if the conversation is resolved. And one more thing I want to do, I want to add disabled prop here. Disabled optional boolean. And let's simply add to each of these buttons disabled disabled like that. And then let me go ahead and add const is updating status. Set is updating status. Use state false. Let's import use state from React. Make sure you've added it. I'm going to go ahead and set this to be true here. And then in the finally set whoops set is updating status will be false. And let's go ahead and pass here disabled if set is updating status. So we can't just spam it. Uh whoops is updating status. So now when you click here, it should be disabled until the action happens. And you can see how cool convex is. Imagine that we just had to like revalidate this uh here. But also we would have to revalidate it inside of the widget because remember the widget is in question here too. So that's how much time convex actually saves that, right? You don't even think about it. So okay, I have to create a new account here. So, Antonio, Antonio@acample.com. Let's continue. Let's start a new chat. Hey there. Let's send a message. And then in here, hey there. You can see our bot has responded. And I'm going to mark this as resolved. And you can see it immediately updated for me, but it immediately updated for the user as well. You can see I can't answer. This conversation has been resolved. And if the user go inside of their inbox, you can see they have the checked sign as well. So that's the power of convex. Two completely separate apps, but you can see that in this other app, it's completely real time. That's the power of a real-time database and a proper sync engine. That's why I wanted us to use this so much because it truly is worth it. Uh now let's go ahead and let's enable the tools to do this instead of us, right? uh because this is great, but what we want to see is the tool doing this. But let's just disable this enhance button if something is resolved because this shouldn't be enabled. So instead of the conversation ID view, let's find the AI input button here, let's disable it. If conversation question mark status is resolved. There we go. Great. Uh now let's go ahead and let's implement the tools to allow AI to do this on our behalf. So in order to do this we first have to create an internal method to resolve or escalate the conversation. So let's do that. Let's head back inside of packages backend convex and let's go inside of system. In here we already have conversations. So we have a simple get by thread id and now let's do export const resolve internal mutation arguments are going to be thread ID which can be a type of string handler is an asynchronous method let's go ahead and grab the context and arguments from here and let's do con conversation await database my apologies context database query conversations s with index by thread ID. So we use the most optimized way to find this. Let's match the thread ID to arguments thread ID and only let's grab the only one, the unique one. In case we couldn't find this conversation, let's throw new convex error here. Let's just import it from convex values code not found and message conversation not found. And now let's simply do await context database patch conversation id status resolved. As simple as that. And now let's go ahead and do the exact same thing but for escalation. So let's copy paste. Let's rename this to escalate. And let's change this to escalate. Escalated. Now that we have the internal uh functions set up, let's go inside of our back end again, but this time let's go inside of the AI folder and let's create a new folder called tools. And inside of here, let's go ahead and let's add resolve conversation tool. So, resolve conversation.ts. Let's go ahead and let's import create tool from convex dev agent. Let's import Z from zod. Let's import internal from generated API. Let's import support agent from agents support agent. It looks like zod is missing here. So let me quickly check what is our version of zod. It is this very specific version because we have that error. So now I'm just going to do pnpmf backend add zod at let me just fix this this specific version. So let me just add this to my back end here. There we go. Now this should be working just fine. Great. And let's export const resolve conversation. Create tool. Description here will be resolve a conversation. Arguments will be Z.Object and let's just pass in an empty string. And then handler will have the context in here. So we can grab some well context. Uh let's first check in case we don't have the thread ID. There is nothing we can do here except returning back missing thread ID. And now let's simply do await context and let's call run mutation because this create tool is the equivalent of action. So we cannot mutate it directly. Instead, we have to refer to our recently created internal methods. And let's call resolve and pass in thread ID arguments thread ID. Uh it's context thread ID. And let's now await support agent save message context thread id context thread id message open an object ro assistant and content of the message will be conversation resolved and let's return conversation resolved. So what is the difference between our return and our well this method? So return is simply so the tool returns something right uh we could technically return the ID of the updated conversation we could fetch the entire conversation and return that right it depends how do you want to use this in my case I don't want the user to see the actual tool calling I just want it to feel like magic right I just want this to happen and then the AI send the message okay it's resolved That's it. Depending on what kind of app you are building, perhaps it would be more useful for you to load the entire conversation and then show that to the user, right? It depends. Uh you can and you absolutely should be looking to convex uh dev documentation here inside of their agents. Here you have the tools. Let me just click on it. There we go. And in here you can see exactly how all of them work. And you can also see that you can actually make use of these arguments if you want to search for something in a database. Uh spoiler alert, we will be doing that. Uh but you can see them being used here more in depth. And also one super cool thing they have is the playground which is an amazing way to debug the agent because they are annoyingly hard to debug if you have no idea what's happening with the tool. If your tool stops working and you have no idea what's happening, I'll show you how to set up playground so you can debug it easier. All right. And now we have our resolve conversation tool. Uh let's go ahead and do the same thing but for escalate conversation. So I'm going to copy this tool, paste it, and I'm going to rename it to escalate conversation. Let's go ahead and call it escalate conversation. Escalate a conversation. And same thing here, except we're going to call escalate. And inside of here, I'm going to say conversation escalated to a human operator. And let's return the same thing here. Great. Now we have those two tools. And how do we add tools now? Well, let's go ahead and look at the documentation here. So, you can provide tools at different times. You can provide provide them in the agent constructure themselves. You can do it when you call create thread, continue thread. You can call we can add them when you add generate text or outside of the thread. Right? So, all of these options are supported. Specifying tools at each layer will overwrite defaults. That's what's important for you to know. But I think in the context of our app um it doesn't really matter. So let's try and let's add them to our support agent here. So let's add tools here. And I will add resolve conversation from tools. And let's add what's the other one? Escalate conversation from tools. And let me just see if I added this correctly or not. Oh, I think this has to be an object. Yes, that's correct. And now let's go ahead and add some more instruction in instructions here. Use resolve. Whoops. Okay, let's let's open back text here. Use resolve conversation tool when user expresses um finalization of the conversation. I don't know. Use escalate conversation tool when user expresses frustration or requests a human explicitly. And let's save this. Make sure that you're tracking your back end here and that everything is working fine. You can see I had some errors but they got resolved. And now let's try this. So refresh your widget here. Let's go ahead and start a new chat. So let's track it in real time. Here I am in the operator. Here I am in the user. And I will say I am very frustrated. I want a human. Let's see what will happen. Uh I seem to be getting some errors here. So let's see cannot read properties of undefined here. So something seems to be going wrong. All right, let's see. We have something convex helpers. H not sure what it is, but something. It's definitely tried to call a tool, but then it failed. So I'm going to go ahead and debug. All right. So, I managed to resolve it. And the way I resolved it is just by changing where I add my tools. So, looks like I told you incorrectly. Uh, it's not exactly whatever when it comes to where you want to add these tools. So, let's remove them from the support agent. And I was actually a little bit worried about this because this seems like a circular reference. So let's actually remove both of these imports and just leave the support agent alone but leave the prompt as it is and then head inside of messages. Which ones? Inside of packages backend convex public messages. So these are the ones that the user creates. And find create action. And in here when you call support agent generate text after prompt add tools. And now add the escalate conversation and resolve conversation both imported from their respective tools. Let's go ahead and wait for this to finish to ensure that everything is working just fine. Let's see. There we go. Let's refresh again. You can see that I tried some of these here. So here I am again my most recent chat here. Let me just Okay, I have to refresh this just a second so I can select it. There we go. Okay, so this is now selected. You can see that this is the first message. It is currently in unresolved status. Let's go ahead now and send the message. I am very frustrated. I want to talk to a human. And let's send it. And let's see what will happen. conversation operated to a human operator, escalated to a human operator. And you can see it was automatically escalated. The new status here is now escalated. Exactly what we want to see. And you can this is how this app is intended to be used. So your operators should only uh look at this escalated filter, right? Because the AI bots are responding to everything else. So you should just be looking here uh at the escalated and then uh you know you would wait for someone to send a message. You don't get any notification until uh user says I want to talk to a human and then it gets escalated. It appears here and then we go ahead and write hey there human here you asked for me. That's how this is intended to be used, right? Uh and now let's check if the uh resolve method works. So let's go ahead and now bring this back into all. So we are now tracking this one. And let's say sorry, you can close this accident. Conversation resolved. You can see the user can no longer write. All of this happened thanks to AI without us having to do anything. I think this is super cool and you can see how in unbelievably easy it was for us to do this. It's so intuitive. Uh all thanks to this convex agent component, right? Amazing, amazing, amazing job. That's exactly what we wanted to do. Uh now what I want to do is I want to go and stay inside of this messages here. So specifically inside of this backend convex public messages create. So what happens now? Uh well we shouldn't always trigger AI. We should trigger AI uh if the subscription is active. That's the first thing. But another thing is only if the status is unresolved because escalated means the user is talking to a human. So it would be quite weird if in the middle of the conversation suddenly AI responds back. Those are three people talking for no reason. So let's create constant should trigger agent conversation status is equal to unresolved. Later we're going to add or subscription blah blah blah but we don't yet have it. And then let's do if we should trigger the agent then call this entire function. Otherwise we're going to do something else. So let's indent this. Let's do await support agent and let's simply do save message context thread ID and prompt. And I think I have to both do from here like this. And let's see is this exactly the same thing that we are actually doing. Uh basically we have to do the same thing that we do here in the public conversation. So yes you can call save message directly from convex dev agent or you can do support agent save message. So let's be consistent in our case. Let's import save message. Will this actually work? I think the second here needs to be components. Yes. And you can see it's the same thing. And you need to import components from generated API. So let's try our app now. So I'm going to open a new one here and I will do hi, how are you? Let's do that first. So right now we're talking with the AI and let's go ahead and say what is your name and you can see AI keeps responding but if I say I want to talk to a human you can see immediately conversation escalated to a human operator and what's important now is that if I ask again what is your name the AI no longer responds that's what we wanted only the message is saved Hello. AI is no longer responding. This is now only for humans. Hey there, human responding. There we go. And no AI in between unless the operator marks this as resolved. So now no one can answer. And then we bring it back to unresolved. And then you send the message again. Hello there. And now AI will respond again until this is escalated again. That's how our flow works. It will be quite rare that you go from escalated back to AI but uh it is the cycle that we allow to happen. Excellent. Amazing. Amazing job. Uh so now let's focus on the operator dashboard. Let's import the pageionation here, the infinite scroll and let's go ahead and implement this uh enhance tool here. Let's go ahead and let's go back inside of conversation ID view. And inside of here, let's go ahead and add the imports for infinite scroll. So, use infinite scroll from workspace UI hooks. Use infinite scroll and infinite scroll trigger from workspace UI components. Infinite scroll trigger. Let's go ahead and first define the use infinite scroll. I'm going to do that right after our use thread messages. Let's go ahead and do this. Now, let's go ahead in here uh and let's add all the properties. So, status will be messages. Messages.load more and load size will be 10. From here, let's get top element refle can load more and is loading more. all of those elements. And now what we have to do is we have to add the infinite scroll trigger. We can do that right here instead of our AI conversation content. Remember these are chat messages. So we go in the opposite direction to load all their messages. We go up. So infinite scroll trigger is a self-closing tag. And inside of here, let's simply add all of those props that we just destructured from our hook. can load more, is loading more, handle load more, and top element ref. And now when you go to the top, you will see no more items. As always, you can test this out quite easily by limiting the initial number of items and the load size to a small number like two. And disable the observer. Refresh. And let's try it out. You now have to manually load 2x two messages until you get to the end. So it works. Now let's enable the observer and bring the initial number of items back to 10. Now let's create a simple tool that will help help the operators enhance their prompts. So in order to do that I want to go inside of packages backend convex and let's go inside of private messages.ts and let's go ahead and let's import uh generate text from AI package. And now let's go ahead just after this I mean above this create function and let's export enhance response and let's call action from generated server and in here we're going to accept a few arguments prompt which is a string and thread ID which is a string as well And let me just check actually yeah I was thinking okay I'm doing the normal validation here but actually I don't need to right because we [clears throat] pass the prompt manually. So actually all I need to do here is just confirm that the user is logged in. That's the only thing I need here. And eventually I'm going to check if this user has active if this user's organization has premium so they don't waste my open AI tokens. Right. So, let's just go ahead and copy this part for now. That's the only thing we care about. And we can also add organization because that's how we're going to check if they have subscription in the future. So, let's go ahead and just confirm the user is logged in and they have organization. And then what we're going to do is just const response await generate text which we just imported model can be open AI from AI SDK open AI or whatever you ended up using. Maybe that was Google whatever you have right and then just go ahead and select uh a model. Preferably you would use a cheaper model for this because this is like super small thing. And then pass in messages here. And let's go ahead and first define RO system content. And inside of here, let's go ahead and write enhance the operator message to be more professional, clear, and helpful while maintaining their intent and key information. like this and then I will just add roll user content prompt. So depending on you know uh arguments.prompt depending on how good you want this function to be you could technically extend it by adding the context of all the previous messages that happened. Right? For that you would need to load the conversation. But I'm just trying to keep this as a simple useful tool. So let's just return response.ext here. That's it. That's our enhance response method. Now, we can go back inside of conversation ID view here. Uh, and let's go ahead and let's just add that. So, I'm going to do that here. const enhance response use action from convex react. Make sure you've added it here. API.private messages enhance response. And let's do const handle enhance response. And uh okay. So now we just have to let's do this inside of try catch. So console error error and inside of here let's do con response await enhance response and pass in prompt to be our current value. Uh let me think of what is the best way of adding that here. Uh let's do this const current value form get values message and then in here pass in the current value. So that's what we currently have typed. Will that work? Uh await enhance response. This needs to be async like this. Great. And then once we get the response, let's do form set value message response. As simple as that. And then let's also add const uh is enhancing set is enhancing use state false by default. Make sure you have use state. I think we already have it here. Go ahead and immediately turn it on here. set is enhancing set to true and then open finally here set is enhancing set to false. Great. We now have handle enhance response and then we can use it down here inside of our AI input button on click handle enhance response. So this will be disabled if it's resolved or if is enhancing. And then we can change this too. If is enhancing, let's say enhancing or enhance. And let's also disable it if form form state is dirty. My apologies is valid. So basically we can't enhance an empty string. So this needs to be uh valid. So let's add exclamation point. So, if it's not valid, we disable this button. Let's try it out. You can see by default it's disabled. Same same as the submit button. And I'm going to say, uh, what do you mean? And let's click enhance. There we go. That's exactly what I wanted this tool to do. Amazing. And let's also, while we are enhancing, let's also disable the input so it can't be typed in. So, we're just going to do There we go. We already added a to-do here. We can now remove it. Is enhancing. And I think we have to do this somewhere up here. Maybe. Maybe not. Is enhancing. Okay. So, here is enhancing. Perfect. And there we go. Now let me just also you can add dev indicators false in your next config if you want to hide this in this project. It's currently not helping us too much but it is interfering. So inside of my web app I will go inside of my next config here and let me just go inside of next config and add a dev indicators false. I'm going to track that my web is being rebuilt here. Let me refresh and let's see if this will now disappear. And now that we have this solved, let's create a nice loading element for this. Uh we have a nice skeleton here, right? So why not add a nice skeleton here as well? So instead of the conversation ID view, let me go all the way to the bottom here and let's do export const conversation ID view loading. And let's go ahead and let's return a div with a class name. And we're now basically recreating the uh header. So flex height full flex column and background color muted. Then let's create the actual header. So header class name flex item center justify between border bottom bg background padding 2.5. And we're just adding this button with more horizontal icons. So the exact same thing that we are doing here right in the actual conversation ID view. I'm just recreating that header component. Now outside of that header, let's add AI conversation here. Let's go ahead and give it a maximum class name of maximum height calculate 100 VH minus 180 pixels. When you hover over it, it should look like this. if you have IntelliSense CSS U Tailwind extension and then in here uh let's add AI conversation content and then in here let's go ahead and create imaginary messages so array from length 8 dot uh okay not like this length 8 underscore and then index and Then in here let's check uh every second message will be from the user. So let's use the modulus operator here. Then let's define some random widths. So we randomize the skeleton width 48 width 60 width 72 in an array. And let's now choose the random width from the number of items here. So the width will be width and then choose the by index and modulus of the width width length array. And then in here let's go ahead and let's return a div. Let's go ahead and add class name here and let's use CN from workspace lib utils group flex full width items and justify and gap to py 2 open square brackets and target the div maximum width 80% % and then if is user let's go ahead and do is user class otherwise is assistant and flex row reverse. So the reason we are adding these is because uh they are targeted by these components. They are not actually doing any CSS. They are just targeted within AI components. Let's give it key of index and inside let's render the skeleton component. Make sure you have imported the skeleton. Let's go ahead and let's give this a class name. Uh and let's do let's do it like this. Height nine. Pass in the width around the large bg neutral 200. Below that another skeleton and this one will have a class name size 8 rounded full bg neutral 200 like this. And then outside of AI conversation open up a div and let's recreate the input. So padding two AI input inside of the AI input AI input text area which is a self-closing tag. Make sure it's disabled. Placeholder will be type your response as an operator. AI input toolbar. AI input tools. Let's just close it. AI input submit disabled status ready and self-closing tag. That's it. And now let's go ahead and let's use this. So I'm going to go inside of the conversation ID view here. And before we return, let's do the following. If conversation is undefined, that means it's still loading. Or if messages status is is loading uh loading first page return and let's use our conversation ID view loading like this. And now when you refresh you should have a nicer you saw it for a for a second. It's it looks much nicer now. And this field is disabled. I like it more this way. Right. So now it matches our skeleton here. Great, amazing, amazing job. We added pagionation here. We added loading skeleton. We added tools. We added this tool. We added the statuses here. Amazing. I believe that's all we aimed for this chapter. We implemented manual status change, toolbased status change, enhance prompt function, infinite scroll, and loading to the dashboard chat. And just to clarify something, all of these prompts that we have inside of our AI Whoops. inside of our AI in the back end. So like support agent, all of these tools, all of these prompts. I will share you my prompts that I use chat GPT to generate which are much larger than this. But just for this example, we are using the simplest prompts so it so it doesn't accidentally break. These are super simple to understand for the AI and they seem to be working. But I do have a constant prompt and I will share that with you in the assets folder. But for now, let's merge this So, I'm going to add all of my changes here, and I'm going to use 19 AI tool calling. AI tool calling. I'm going to open a new branch. 19 AI tool calling. And I'm going to publish the branch. And then I'm going to go ahead and review my pull request as usual, just in case we had some uh security issue or some serious bug here. And here we have the code rabbit summary. So let's walk through the uh walkthrough this time. This update introduces conversation status management, messages enhancement, and UI improvements to the dashboard, new backend mutations and tools enable escalation and resolution of conversations as well as AI powered message enhancement. The front end adds infinite scrolling, status toggling, tool tips, and improved loading states with new button styles, and a reusable hint component. Down here, we have a sequence diagram pretty much explaining the toggle cycle that we went through. Basically, when user clicks on one state, it becomes another. And then full circle. And in here, we have some bugs. Uh well, in here, it's telling us to start adding the toast messages. We're going to start doing that from the next chapter, I promise. And in here, it recommends throwing errors. I'm not 100% sure of that because this is the create tool function. And I think that the correct way is to return a string like this, which automatically means that uh what it's suggesting here to wrap that inside of try catch and then use that error that's been thrown uh doesn't uh really work. So, I'm going to leave it as it is simply because that's how I developed it initially. So, I don't want to do something that can break your app. And in here, we have a bug. Uh, not a big one, but yes, I completely forgot to pass side and align to my tool tip content. I never passed it. So, we will do that in the next chapter. For now, we can merge this pull request. Amazing. Amazing job. Let's go ahead and go back inside of our main branch and let's click on the synchronize changes button. And after our changes have synchronized as always, let's double check inside of graph. Perfect. So, we did 19 and then we merged it. Amazing. I believe that marks the end of this chapter and see you in the next one.


part 2
What if your support platform could talk to your users, carry full conversations over voice or chat, detect frustration, escalate when needed, and resolve issues automatically? What if the AI could learn your product by reading your documentation? No fine-tuning, just real answers grounded in your content. That's exactly what we're building. This is Echo, a production-grade AI support platform powered by Convex, Vappy, Clerk, AWS, and more with support for any LLM provider you choose, including Gemini, OpenAI, Anthropic, or Gro. All built inside a Turbo Repo with not one, not two, but three separate apps. an operator dashboard, a chat widget, and a developer toolkit for embedding the experience anywhere. This is part two of the build, and we're going deeper. Document embeddings, retrieval, agumented generation, AI search, secure per tenant credentials, billing, and more. Everything you need to turn Echko into a real B2B SAS product. And now without further ado, let's get started. In this tutorial, we're using Sentry for full stack error tracking, real-time alerts, session replays, and deep visibility across both front end and back end. If [snorts] you want to follow along or plug it into your own app, use the link in the description to get three months of Sentry Team completely for free. Now, let's dive in. In this chapter, we're going to learn how to generate embeddings using convex rag or retrieval augmented generation component. Just before we jump into that, I want to fix one little oversight from the previous chapter. And that is if a conversation is unresolved and the operator decides to send a message in the middle of the conversation between the AI and the customer, we should forcefully change that status to be escalated to automatically turn off AI. So let's quickly do that inside of packages backend convex. Let's go inside of private messages and when the message gets created which will be by the operator in here. I think we already check if the status is resolved and we throw the error. So now let's check if the conversation status is unresolved. And if it is unresolved, we're going to force the conversation ID to change the status to escalated. And let me just use the arguments conversation ID here. So why am I doing this? Well, if you take a look at the messages in the public convex folder and find create here, you will see here that we check if the conversation status is unresolved and only if it's unresolved do we actually trigger AI response otherwise we just save the user's message. So that's why we're doing that. So if the user intercepts here we are switching the status to escalated meaning all right the operator basically wanted to interrupt the conversation between the AI and the user it means the operator wants to talk to the user directly this means this conversation has escalated the AI is no longer handling this case so that's why I wanted to add this only if the current status is unresolved great and now what I want us to do is I want us to learn how to create embeddings using convex. So let's start by creating the files functions. So we're going to go inside of packages backend convex private and let's create files.ts and inside of here let's start by creating a very simple add file which will be an action. Now the arguments here are going to be file name which is a string. Uh I never knew how to pronounce this mime type I guess which is a string bytes which will be a type of bytes and category which will be optional and a string. category will help with uh embedding and making it more specific. Now let's add our handler here. Let's import the convex values so we get rid of those errors. Let's extract the context and the arguments from here. And even though this is an action, we can still actually verify our identity. So let's quickly steal that from messages. for example, we check the identity and we check for the organization ID. So let's copy this and let's add it here. So like this and import the convex error from convex values. So we can still get the identity and we can still get the organization ID. Great. Now that we have this, let's go ahead and let's dstructure bytes file name and category from our arguments. Now let's go ahead and let's determine the mime type. So that's going to be arguments dot mime type or let's use guess mime type which should be a method we're going to create. Now this method will accept the file name and the bytes. Let's go ahead and let's create the guess mime type method. So here at the top I'm going to create a function guess mime type. The file name will be a type of string and the bytes will be a type of array buffer and it will return back a string. Now, inside of here, we're going to have to import our convex dev rag component. But if you try adding that now, it's not going to work because we didn't add it. Let's try. So, if I add guess mime type from contents from at convex-ashdev, you can see we only have agent. We don't have rag, which is the component we need. So let's learn how to add it inside of your agents. Here you have rag. Let's go ahead and let's add it here. So install the rag component. Let's go ahead and click here. So we'll learn how to do it. Let's go ahead and run convex dev rag. So I'm going to do pnpmf backend add convex-dev/rag. And I'm also going to show you the exact version that got installed here. You can see how now we no longer have this error. And let me just show you. So 0.3 is my version. But we're not done yet. So after we install it, we have to go inside of convex.config.ts. So let's go ahead inside of convex.config.ts. Here, let's go ahead and let's import rag the same way we imported the agent. And then let's add app.use rag. Just like that. And I believe that's it for now. Great. So now we can follow uh this strat going forward. But let's go back inside of files now. And now we have this guess mime type from contents. But that's not going to be the only thing we're going to import here. We are also going to import guess mime type from extension. So now let's go ahead and return open parenthesis guess mime type from extension and pass in the file name. If that's not available, let's do guess mime type from contents and pass in the bytes. And if that's not available, we're just going to uh label this as application. And again, not sure how to pronounce this octet stream. Let's go ahead and uh end this function. So that is our guess mime type function. And now down here we have the mime type which will be a string. So either the one we pass from the arguments or the one from here. And I think we could also extract the mime type here. And then we don't Oh yeah, let's not do that because this is called mime type. Now that we have the mime type, let's define the blob here. New blob. Open an array and add the bytes inside and give it a type mime type. Now let's go ahead and let's store the file. So cons storage id await context storage store and pass in the blob. It is actually that easy to store an uploaded file from Convex. So yes, Convex has builtin file storage. If you didn't know, you can go and click upload here and you can see different ways of uploading. So uh one way you can do it is by using generate upload URL. Uh you can do it using actions like we're doing. You can also do it using HTTP actions. basically uh a bunch of options that you can do. Let's go ahead and continue developing here. Now, what we have to do is we have to extract the text content from whatever file we just uploaded. And the way we're going to do that is by is by defining constant text await. And then we're going to create a new method extract text content. And it's going to accept the context. And then in its second parameter, it will accept the storage ID, file name, bytes, and mime type. Now let's go ahead and let's develop this component. So this one will be quite large. So I don't want to write it in this file. Um, instead I'm going to go inside of convex folder and I will create a new folder called lib. And inside I'm going to create extract text content. DS. Again remember inside of convex we have to use camel camel case. Is this called camel case? I think it is. Yeah. And let's go ahead now and let's import open AI from AI SDK openai or whatever it is that you use. Right. So let me just find this. So in my case you've already done this inside of messages private inside of support agent right whatever you use here Gemini or whatever else you used now let's also import generate text and let's import I mean generate text from AI that's it let's go ahead and import type storage action writer from convex server let's import assert from convex helpers. Convex helpers is actually a super useful little library. I highly advise that you search for it. So this assert will basically uh help us validate truthiness at runtime providing a type guard. You're going to see what it is in a second. So yes, if you have a constant that is string or null, you can just run assert x and from that line and below x will be definitely a string. So, it's super useful when writing a libs like this. Let's create a factory of AI models that we're going to use to create embeddings and to extract text from uploaded files. So, if we receive an image, I'm going to use OpenAI. And I'm going to pass in uh GPT4 mini. For you, this would be I mean, if you're using something else, I think this is the same thing I've been using everywhere. So yeah, whatever you used in your support agent or your messages, just use it again here for the image. For PDF, OpenAI. I think you can use the same thing. I'm going to use 40 because it's better at extracting text from PDFs, but I'm pretty sure it would work exactly the same if it was 40 mini. So if you're not sure what to use for your uh AI model, you can just use the same thing. If we receive HTML file chat GPT 40 and let's add as constant. Now let's go ahead and let's write the supported image types. So why are we supporting this? So we basically want to allow the user to upload whatever they want. If they have an image of some text, we want to allow them to do that. If they have a PDF, sure, HTML, whatever. You can even do audio if you want to. The only reason I'm not doing audio here is because I'm not sure if the model you are using has transcribe function. Not all models have them. So I'm only doing what all models have. So the supported image types are JPEG, PNG, WEBP, and GIF. And let's also add as const here. And now let's go ahead and define const system prompts. So for image, we're going to say you turn images into text. If it is a photo of a document, transcribe it. If it is not a document, describe it. PDF, you transform PDF files into text. HTML you transform content into markdown. So we are basically telling the AI model what to do if it receives an image, what to do if it receives PDF and what to do if it receives HTML. Now let's export type extract text content arguments. We're going to have storage ID which is a type of ID from generated data model and it's going to be a type of underscore storage. File name will be a type of string. Bytes will be an optional array buffer and mime type will be a type of string. And now let's export asynchronous function extract text content. The first argument it's going to accept is context and that's going to be an object which has storage in it. Storage action writer. This is the type that we imported from convex server. The second argument will be arguments and those will be extract text content arguments. So how did I know these are the ones that are going to be inside? Well, remember I'm the one calling this function and I'm passing storage ID, file name, bytes, and mime type. And I'm passing context. But the only thing I will need the context for is for the storage. So that's what I'm giving it the types for. It doesn't need to have the other types. So in here, I'm just translating what I wrote here. Now that we have that, let's go ahead and define the return type. It's going to be a simple promise which returns a string. Now let's go ahead and let's dstructure all of those things from our arguments here. Storage ID, file name, bytes, and mime type. Let's go ahead and let's get the URL. We can get the URL of the file by by calling await context storage because remember just moments ago we stored that file inside of our file storage and now convex gives us a super easy way to turn that storage ID into actual URL that we can access. So get URL storage ID. So yes, just by having the uh storage ID file you can't do much. you need to use their get URL to actually turn it into the URL. So super useful uh file upload thingy. And here's the thing. Yeah, so URL can be null. And now that will be a little bit problematic to work with. So thanks to assert from convex helpers, we can just run assert URL and then in the second argument the error to throw failed to get storage URL. And if you try and type URL from now. So let's just do const a URL. You will see that URL is always a type of string. But before this it was string or null. I think this kinds of things are super useful and convex helpers are full of things like this. So make sure to Google convex helpers and you will find much more about that than what I did in this tutorial. Let's check if we uploaded a supported image type or not. So if supported image types sum type type is equal mime type let's go ahead and return extract image text and pass in the URL. And now let's go ahead and develop extract image text to extract the text from an image. So asynchronous function extract image text will accept URL which is a type of string and just like that the errors are gone. The return will be a promise string. Let's go ahead and let's do con result await generate text and inside of here the model will be AI models do image. system will be system prompts dot image. So let's take a look. We are using the AI method from our AI package and we are using open AI chat GPT 40 mini in my case because it's good at describing images or reading the text from images. You would use the equivalent of for Gemini whatever it is the base model. You can just try whichever is the best one right you will see if it works or not. And once you have that, we also choose the prompt and we give it you turn images into text. If it is a photo of a document, transcribe it. If it is if it is not a document, describe it. So that's what we are doing here. And then let's add messages here. roll user content type image image new URL URL and the AI will basically read this and it will give us result text back and just like that we develop extract image text and now every time user uploads an image we can extract or describe the transcript. Now let's handle PDF files. If mime type to lowerase oops to lowerase includes PDF in that case let's return extract PDF text pass in URL mime type and file name as the third argument. Now let's develop extract PDF text function. So asynchronous function extract PDF text and let's open this. We're going to have URL which is a type of string, mime type which is a type of string and add commas like this not semicolons and file name which is a type of string and we're going to return a promise which returns a string. And again const result is a way to generate generate text. Model will be whichever model we defined to be used for PDF documents. The system prompt will be whatever system prompt we defined for PDF documents. Messages will be similar role user and then content inside will be the following. The first content will be a type of file. data will be new URL pass in the URL pass in mime type pass in file name so we give as much context as possible to the uh system model and then let's go ahead and add type text text extract the text from the PDF and print it without explaining you'll do so so we're just adding some further instructions specifically here because uh this will make the embeddings clearer because sometimes you can't exactly control AI models and they will add more tokens in the embedding that it needs to have and then your AI model might give some wrong information. So that's why we are adding some additional instructions here and then [clears throat] just do return results result.ext. There we go. Now we have extract PDF function and now let's go ahead and handle all the other textbased files. So if mine type to lowerase includes text let's return extract text file content pass in the context storage ID bytes and mime type. And just like we've developed the other ones, let's develop the extract text file content here. So asynchronous function extract text file content. Let's go ahead and add context here. And let's give it a type of storage. Storage action writer. Then let's go ahead and give it storage ID which is a type of ID underscore storage. After that bytes which is a type of array buffer or undefined after that mime type which is a type of string and as always we are returning back a promise which resolves to a string. Now let's go ahead and let's first define the array buffer. This is going to be bytes or let's open parenthesis await open parenthesis again await context storage get storage ID and then inside of here question mark dot array buffer and execute that and you can see that now we have array buffer or undefined returned. So basically we are either using the bytes that we are able to pass in if we got it through file upload or we're going to grab the storage file and attempt to run array buffer on it. Either way it's either going to be array buffer or undefined. So if we are not able to get the array buffer let's go ahead and throw new error here. failed to get file content. Now let's go ahead and do const text new text decoder decode array buffer. Now let's check if mine type to lowerase is not text plane. In that case let's run the AI model. So what just happened here? Um basically we need to um when there are two ways we can extract text. There is a text files are fairly simple. So you can do that just by using the text decoder and the array buffer, right? But what if you receive something that's technically considered a text file in the mime type world, but isn't as simple as text plane like markdown files? Well, in that case, we need to call await generate text. Why didn't I do it in here? Well, if possible, we don't have to use AI, right? And our goal as a business is to save money if we know how to do so. In this case, we know how to extract text from a very simple text file using the array buffer. But just in case if it so happens that it's not text plain, so it's a markdown or something more complicated like HTML maybe, let's go ahead and do the following. result is equal to await generate text and then model AI models dot HTML system system prompts HTML messages the first one coming from the user content the first content type text and text in here and then we need to further describe this. So type text text extract the text and print it in a markdown format without explaining that you'll do so like that and then return result.ext. Otherwise, simply return the text from the decoder. This way, we are able to parse normal text files using the decoder, but also more complicated text files like HTML or markdowns. So, we can still use the text decoder, but we need to uh analyze this more thoroughly by using AI. So we are giving the AI the content from the text decoder and then go ahead and do it even further. So we have the proper embedding. And now this is working, this is working and this is working. Let's go ahead and uh handle the last type which is the unsupported type. So throw new error unsupported mime type and let's render the mime type. This way we will know if user attempts to upload something that we don't support and we're going to get that inside of convex logs and inside of sentry logs as well because our convex and sentry are connected. and you will be able to get to the bottom of it by disabling that mime type from being uploaded because it's not something we can handle right now. So, if you've done this correctly, you shouldn't have any errors in this code. Again, if you're unsure what to use here, just use whatever model you've used so far and then you will see if it works or not. I recommend that you try this knowledgebased thing and the embeddings with very simple text files because they don't actually require AI. So you can just do the text decoder and it will work because it won't even have to use generate text. Perfect. We now have the extract text content file. And now let's go ahead and import extract text content like this from lib extract text content. And now that we have uh the extract uh text content, we have to add those embeddings. So we now have the text as you can see. Basically whatever the user uploaded we have it in textual form. So now let's go ahead and do await rag. And I didn't import rag. So let's go ahead and just quickly uh do that. In order to add rag you actually have to set it up. So I didn't follow through the documentation entirely. So let's do that. Uh basically instead of convex instead of system instead of AI the same way uh we had the agents. Now let's create a new file called rag.ds. Inside let's go ahead and import your model again from your AI SDK and then whatever provider you are using. Then go ahead and add rag from convexdev rag and then import components from generated API. Go ahead and define rag using new rag components.rag text embedding model. Go ahead and add openai.bed. embedding and now what if you don't know what is your embedding model for Gemini for example well uh you can go to AI SDK and yeah by the way in the middle of me making this tutorial uh SDK version 5 was actually released I'm not sure if it's fully compatible with uh the current convex versions so I would suggest that you actually use uh the exact version that I'm using or at least be on version four simply so you avoid any problems. But if you've ever been using version five so far and everything was working, no problem. No need to change it. And same thing goes for uh let me just see AI SDK open AI. Same thing goes for this. I think the versions kind of need to be similar here. So what if you don't know what is your embedding model? So you go inside of providers on AI SDK and you select your provider. In my case, it's open AI. And if I scroll down here, uh, I think that I can find the embedding models. And in here, you can see the embedding models that I have, right? Uh, and for example, if you're using Google generative AI, which I think it's Gemini, same thing. Scroll down and find if you have the embedding models. You do. Perfect. And then just use Gemini embedding 001. I think that by default when you do open embedding you should see all the options here. So if you're using uh Gemini and click Gemini. Google.bedding or whatever else you're using type safety heel uh will help you. So I will use text embedding three small. Now we have a slight problem. Uh components.ra doesn't exist because we don't have our backend convex dev running. So just make sure you do turbo dev. So you have convex dev running. This will analyze the source code. It will see our new um rag component and let's just see uh okay so components.rag now works but this is still incorrect. So let's finish it. Embedding dimension I'm going to add 1536. So I think you can do exactly the same. I think this is the same for all embeddings. So it doesn't matter what model you're using. And let's export default rack. You can read more about that settings in the actual convex agents rag and then in here you can find out exactly uh what it means. Let me try and find it somewhere. Okay, they have more in their rag example. Basically definitely research through this documentation here. Now that we have the rag component, we can go back inside of files which we started developing. And now we can import that rag from system AI rag in here. Let's go ahead now and do uh the following. So rag add pass in the context and then pass in the name space. The namespace will be uh where are these embeddings getting saved? Think of it like uh role level security uh for the user who is currently logged in right who should be able to access these embeddings because it will be quite dangerous if you don't pass the name space right namespace basically tells you uh I should teach our AI something but for whose organization should I teach that think of it like that so it's super important that you pass in the organization ID here so Only the uh user who is currently logged in and has a specific organization attached to them should be having these embeddings. It shouldn't be global. Imagine it's a super secret file. You only want this to be visible for that organization namespace, right? Or imagine some random person can upload a file and then all of your customers suddenly have weird answers from your chatbot because it was thought that. So that's why namespace is super important to have. So let's add a little comment explaining that. Super important. What search space to add this to? You cannot search across name spaces. And let's also do if not added it will be considered global which is something we do not want. We do not want this. Add this comment so you know what this is about. After that let's add the text. Let's add the key to be file name. Let's add the title to be file name. And now let's add metadata. The metadata will have the storage ID. So we can retrieve that file if needed. Uploaded by if needed as well. But let's add organization ID here. File name again in the metadata. And category will be category or null since it is optional. And then let's add content hash which will be await content hash from array buffer and pass in the bytes. Why do we need this? We need this to avoid reinserting if the file content hasn't changed. So if we upload the exact same file and we compare its hash from the array buffer this and we notice that it is the exact same file. We won't reinsert that into the embedding. So this is the exact line and comment from the convex example. Most of this actually is right from their rag examples here. So if you see that my comments here are exactly the same as their uh uh examples here, it's because of that I am teaching you exactly the way they uh teach to do this. Great. Uh so I think this is pretty clear what's happening right we basically had to extract text from various types of files that can be uploaded and then we are creating embeddings using the rag.add add we are adding it to a certain name space so that it cannot be searched by other organizations and then we are adding some metadata so that it's easier for us to display how this will look like later. Now from here let's go ahead and let's extract entry ID and created. And now let's go ahead and check if not created meaning something went wrong. Let's console.debug entry already exist skipping upload metadata. And let's just do await storage context. storage delete storage ID like this and finally let's return the URL of the file we just uploaded will be await context storage get URL storage ID and entry ID there we go that is our add file function Now let's go ahead and let's implement delete file function. Instead of being an action, delete file is going to be a mutation. So export const delete file will be mutation. Let's go ahead and add arguments here. Let's add the handler. Now let's define the arguments inside. Let me just replace this with a comma. The arguments are going to be very simple. We're going to be looking for entry ID and that's going to be a type of v entry ID. You can import this exact type from convexdev rag. That's the only thing we're going to need. After that, extract the context and the arguments from here. And now let's protect ourselves like we usually do by searching for our identity and the organization ID. So we can copy that from the add file action here. So make sure this exists. Uh and of course let's import mutation from generated server. So we don't have those errors anymore. After the user has confirmed their identification and their organization ID, let's go ahead and attempt to see if we have permission to actually delete this embedding. How can we do that? Well, by searching for the namespace because remember our uh embedding is stored under our organization namespace which besides meaning that we are the only ones who can search for it, it also means we are the only ones who can delete it. So con namespace await rag get namespace context namespace organization ID. If there is no name space, let's go ahead and throw new error unauthorized. In fact, we can throw this and let's say invalid name space. We don't have permission to delete or access this entry in the first place. Now let's attempt to get the actual entry now that we know we have access to this name space by doing await rag get entry and pass in the context entry ID arguments entry ID. If there is no entry it means this doesn't exist. So let's go ahead and throw a new context error here. Not found. And let's simply say entry not found. Now let's check one more time if we have access to do this by using our metadata uploaded by. So entry do metadata question mark uploaded by be careful here. This is not strictly typed. So uploaded by is different from the organization ID. In that case, throw new convex error again and pass in the code unauthorized and the message invalid organization ID. So this is just the last fail safe because even though we confirmed our namespace just in case something goes wrong and we just got this entry we still have the entry metadata. If you remember in the add file we add metadata which can be whatever literally this can be whatever you want and the one thing we added is uploaded by. So we upload on the level of organization. So only that organization should be able to delete this file. So this is just the final check. This also needs to match. So this is also important for deletion. Mark that here. Make sure you didn't misspell uploaded by and make sure that when you highlight it down there, it's highlighted up here. So you know it's written exactly the same in the exact same capitalization. Make sure you're using the reverse value here. So if it is not equal throw the error and then finally let's go ahead and check if entry metadata question mark storage ID is present what does this mean? So remember when we upload a file the first thing we do is we upload it to the storage and then we create the embedding. So those are two separate systems. If you head to your convex dashboard, you will see that right here instead of my echo tutorial here, you can see that I have my files. So my files are not my embeddings. They are just files. I can literally add them from here. That will not create embeddings. But if I go inside of my data app and click on rag, you will see that this are the embeddings. So we need to delete both when the user requests deletion of a file that is tightly coupled with the uh rag. So what we have to do inside of our delete file here is check if we have the storage ID which we also kept in the metadata. Make sure you are passing it here. So also important for file deletion. Make sure you have passed that here. If we have it here, let's go ahead and do await context storage dot delete entry metadata storage ID as ID underscore storage and you can import ID from generated data model. So once you've done that, you are finally ready to await and do ragde delete context entry ID arguments entry ID. Uh and looks like this is deprecated. Oh, okay. Use delete async in mutations. Delete async. Let's go ahead and do it like this. Perfect. So that is how you delete an embedding. This is equally as important, right? We don't want to uh infinitely fill our embedding and not be able to delete that embedding. This way, we tightly couple them together and we keep track of absolutely everything. Great. So, we can't really test this, but what I want to you to know is that if you have your convex functions ready, there's a 99% chance that you did everything correctly here. And you should also have the rag available here, right? So if you have it available, it means that your rag component was successfully added and it most likely means that you added the correct embedding model and everything. So even though in here I have added to add list files, I'm not sure how much how much sense this makes, right? uh simply because it's a long function and I think we've done enough for this one chapter and it will make more sense to create list files along creating the UI to render the list files. So I will actually leave this for the next chapter for that purpose because we already did a lot. So amazing job you learned how to generate embeddings using the retrieval argument generation component from convex. Now let's go ahead and merge all of these changes. So 20 generating embeddings. Let's go ahead and stage all of these. Let's do 20 generating embeddings. That is the name commit. I'm going to go ahead and create a new branch 20 generating embeddings. And I'm going to publish this branch. And I think this will be quite interesting to uh see code rabbit review. Very interesting to see what it thinks of our code to extract text, what it thinks of our security measures. Let's wait and see. And here we have the summary by code rabbit. We added support for uploading, indexing, and deleting files within organizational name spaces, including extraction of text content from images, PDFs, and text files for improved search and retrieval. We integrated a retrieval augmented generation system to enhance AI powered document search and embedding capabilities. We improved conversation handling by automatically escalating unresolved conversation when a new message is added from the operator side. So let's go ahead and take a look at uh we can take a look at how file upload works actually that should be quite interesting here. So the user uses backend add file to upload the file and passes in the file name bytes and mime type. Then let's go ahead and see what happens here. So once the add file adds this file to storage what we do is we analyze we analyze the file by calling the extract text content. we determine is it image, is it PDF or is it text and then we return the text back. I think for this exact example when it uh differs between return extracted text or just return text is the specific example of do we have just text plane or is it a more complex text model. And once the extraction of the text is complete, we add the entry using the rag component. We confirm the entry via back end and then we return back the final URL and the entry ID and we already know the escalation uh method here. So let's look at the comments here. Uh in here it suggested uh improving security validation and add support for more uh mine types. So yeah, right now we only actually limit the types of images that you can upload. I don't think we explicitly limit the types of files you can add. So yeah, this could definitely be a good idea to limit the files that we can add because I mean we already throw an error if there's an unsupported mime type. But yeah, maybe it could be a good idea to add them here and then throw before. We'll see. Yeah, I will consider this definitely. Um, in here it tells us to improve the error message so that we also mark the storage ID so it knows which storage ID is failing. That's a good idea. Yes, for production that would definitely help us so we know exactly what keeps failing rather than just fail to get file which file, right? Good idea. in here uh it mentioned a potential issue and I think I I kind of thought of this when I was writing this because yes if the file wasn't created we debug with entry already exists skipping upload metadata and then we delete the storage file here so this is from the uh example from convex rag so I'm not 100% sure why we are doing this but I have to assume it is so we don't have any duplicates here that's the reason I think we're doing is. So perhaps we could either do an early return here or we could just not return the URL at all. We'll have to see the next chapter, our front end implementation and the upload dialogue to see do we even need this upload file because this is problematic, right? If we just remove the storage, this will be an error I believe. So yes, that's what it's warning us about here. Definitely correct here. And in here, interestingly, yes, it's telling us to consider atomic status update to prevent race conditions. I think there's several ways we can actually fix this. So, here's a way they suggest they suggest adding a new retrieval just before we patch this. So, a good idea. Uh, but we could also schedule this update for for running in a separate uh thread, I believe, by using Convex's. I think we can do that. And then that will fix the transaction issue. I think that's the equivalent of transaction. Not 100% sure, but I think it is. I will consider this basically you can find it here. Scheduling scheduled functions. Let's see. This allows you to build powerful durable workflows without the need to set up and maintain cues. I think this could be used for that. I'll research if that's the correct way to do that. Uh so yes this could be a problem if you have a very active uh application and a lot of things are happening with this conversation it could run into a transaction error or a race condition there is also a question of how convex handles this in the first place right so I can't tell you with confidence if this comment makes sense or not but definitely good idea that we have to think about this uh in here it's actually teaching us a little bit about embedding dimensions here. So yeah, I have no idea what embedding dimensions are to be honest. Uh and you can see how it knows exactly why I added this number which I didn't know. I just used the rag example. But in here it knows that it is because I'm using this model. So what does that mean for you? Well, I actually found out that if you go instead of AIS SDK, select your provider, find embedding models, if you scroll down, you will see that you actually have some default uh output dimensionality here. So, you can see depending on what you use, you can see the dimensions that you can put inside. Even though it says it supports custom dimensions, so I have to assume you can add whatever number you want inside. But if you're having problems in the next chapters, consider changing your dimensions to one of these numbers depending on the model you have added. So what does that mean? When you go inside of your rag.ts here, depending on what model you have here, find it here and find the default dimensions. So let's see if that's true. Instead of my open AI, if I go inside of my embedding models, yeah, you can see if I use text embedding 3 small, default dimension is 1536. It's the exact one I put here, which definitely means that I can make it optional. No, it does not. Okay. Uh, but that's why I put that number here. Okay. See, Code Rabbit is amazing. I would have no idea what I was doing. Uh, great. So, now I know how to add that the number of dimensions. So, what should you do? Because we didn't really test this out whether this works or not. And I can pretty much put any number here, right? Uh, find your provider. So whether that's Grock, whether that's DeepSeek or Google Gemini, I assume most of you will use because it's free. Uh so Gemini has this amazing free model if you didn't know that's why I keep mentioning it. Uh it just so happens that I like using OpenAI. I have their API keys and I have the billing, I have the credits, so I prefer using it and it's a reliable model for me. So if you're using Gemini, head into embedding models, scroll down here, find the model that you have put here and then find the default dimensions and then once you merge this pull request, don't do it here. So later when you merge this pull request, change this. I will remind you in the next chapter. I will try my best to remember as well. Perfect. So super helpful uh comment by code rabbit here to help us understand why we even added that. Let's go ahead and merge this pull request now. And then let's go back inside of the main branch. Let's click synchronize changes. Let's click okay. Let's go inside of our source control. Wait for the changes to synchronize. Let's go ahead and open our graph. And in here, you can see how this looks like. So, we merged 19. Now, we were in 20. And we merged that back here. I believe that marks the end of this chapter. Amazing, amazing job. and see you in the next one. In this chapter, we're going to continue working on our knowledge base which we started in the previous chapter by learning how to generate embeddings. So in this chapter, we're going to start by creating our files.list function and then we're going to create the UI. That's going to be this knowledgebased table right here. And then we're going to create this upload files dialogue as well. We're also going to enable the UI functionality to delete files. Let's start this chapter by doublech checking the embedding uh embeddings dimension number. If you remember in the previous chapter when I ended uh the chapter, Code Rabbit left a comment here to standardize my embedding dimensions. And this actually let me think, did I tell you the correct information to use the same number as I did? because I'm using open AI and I don't know what you are using. So I asked it where can I find info on other embedding dimensions and it basically gave me all of these options and it actually gave me a pretty comprehensive snippet here. So if you're using OpenAI, you're using the same number as me. If you're using Google, you should use this number you apparently the same as me and this one. If you're using Grock, it's another very specific number. And for example, if you're using anthropic, you don't even have embedding models available. So what I want you to do to start this chapter is just double check that you're using the correct embedding number. Let's go inside of our packages backend convex and let's go inside of system AI rag. In here, find the model that you're using and your provider. And you can either use well this snippet that code rabbit generated for us to find your dimension or head to AI SDK. You can see the link on the screen. Uh find your SDK provider here. For example, Google generative AI. Scroll down. Find embedding models here. And when you scroll a little bit down, you will find uh what default dimensions are for what model. So depending on what you're using, make sure that you are adding the proper dimensions here. So don't just blindly use the same model uh the same number as me like that. Great. After you have established that, let's go ahead and focus on files.list. And we can double check this once again when we actually uh add the search tool to see if our embeddings work or not. Now let's create the files.list function. So, we're going to go inside of private files. DS. And at the bottom here, let's go ahead and do list like this. And let's go ahead and accept the following arguments. So, we're going to accept the category if we ever want to query by category. And we're going to add pagionation. So, we can just import these from convex server. And we can import query from generated server. same as action and mutation. Now let's add the handler which is an asynchronous method. And let's go ahead and add arguments and context. Whoops, opposite direction. Context and then arguments. And first things first, let's check if we are logged in and if we have the organization. So I'm going to copy this and this. And I'm just going to paste it here. And then after we've confirmed that the user is logged in and has a valid organization, let's go ahead and let's obtain the namespace. So con namespace will be await rag get namespace context namespace is organization ID. Now in case we couldn't find any nameace, let's go ahead and let's just return an empty query. So return page empty array is done. True. continue cursor empty string. So this is basically the format that pagenation returns. But in case we can't find the name space, let's just throw an empty array. So we're just going to display nothing was found. Now let's go ahead and let's find the results from our uh rag. So con results await rag.list list context namespace id will be namespace from the constant above dot namespace id and pagionation options will be arguments pagenation options so pagenation is required here and now let's go ahead and let's convert all of those files that we just found into readable format because these are entries from embeddings and now we have to convert those to files we can add in our table results page mapap and then for each entry that we found we're going to use our method convert entry to public file and pass in the context and entry. So by default this is just an error because we don't have this yet. Let's go ahead and quickly create it. Asynchronous function convert entry to public file. It's going to accept the context and this will be a query context type which you can import from here and you can actually use pick and just choose storage. That's the only thing we need. And for the entry let's go ahead and use the type of entry. We can import that from convex dev rag and let me go all the way down. Okay, I will just scroll here. Great. Now, let's go ahead and let's define the return method here. So, the return method will be a promise. And inside of this promise, we're going to define a public file. So, let's export type public file from here. ID will be entry ID. We can import this from convex dev rag or maybe we already had it imported already. Just make sure you have it. Name will be a string. So this will be what we are converting to. Right? So name will be a string. Type will be a string as well. Size will be a string. Status will be ready. Processing or error. URL will be string or null. Category will be an optional string. And then you can use the public file type here as the return method. Now let's go ahead uh and let's also define the entry metadata while we are here. I think we don't have it here. Entry metadata. We don't. So let's do type entry metadata. And let me just confirm. Is there any other place I might have used this already? Entry metadata. I have not. All right, let's go ahead and then define it here. Entry metadata. We'll have storage ID which is ID with a type of storage. Uploaded by which is a type of string. File name which is a type of string category which is a type of string or null. We'll see if we need this for this method. I'm pretty sure that we do, but I also feel like we have written this type somewhere because this is the metadata type, but I couldn't find it anywhere. Let's see, maybe I called it something else in a different file. So, uh let's go ahead now and continue developing our convert entry to public file here. And let's do const metadata entry dot metadata as entry metadata or undefined. Then let's define the storage ID here to be metadata question mark storage ID. So it's important that your metadata here matches exactly the way you store your file here, right? This metadata right here. So if you want to maybe you can somehow add as uh entry metadata like this so you don't have any errors here and so that you know that everything works fine. I think that could be a good idea. Maybe add this to your rag.add add because I don't think it will change the way this function works. But I do think it will help you in uh showing any errors if you have something incorrectly written here. So this way uh I think this is a bit more secure. Now let's define the file size and by default it's going to be unknown. If we are able to find the storage ID from the metadata, let's go ahead and try and extract it. So storage metadata is await context storage get metadata and pass in the storage ID. Now let's see. So this is now deprecated. Uh it says use database system.get. Interesting. Let's see. So database does it mean like this? Uh okay. Hm. Maybe I need the entire type here. Let's try database.system.get and then I just pass in the storage ID. Very interesting. I think that is the same thing. We'll see. So, if I have storage ID, my apologies. If I have the storage metadata, I'm going to go ahead and do file size. And let's go ahead and do format file size and pass in storage metadata dot size. Now we have to develop the format file size. So I'm going to do this just below here. Function format file size accepts the bytes which is a type of number and returns a string. If bytes whoops is equal to zero, let's simply return zero bytes. Otherwise, let's define a kilobit here. Let's define sizes. Let's define byte, kilobyte, megabyte, and gigabyte. Let's go ahead and define a constant i to be math.f floor math.log log bytes divided by math.log log divided by our K constant here. And let's go ahead and let's return inside of back text number parse float open a function open another parenthesis inside bytes divided by K * I to fixed one. And then let's go ahead and choose uh the size. So this will be sizes I. There we go. So there's probably a library for this, but inside it does the exact same thing as this. Now let's go ahead and once we have this uh file size, let's uh do the catch here. So if we have an error, let's console error failed to get storage metadata and let's simply forward this error so we know what's going on. Now let's extract the rest of the file info. So const file name here is entry.key. Uh let's see where do we have the entry? Here is the entry. All right, we should have it then. entry key or unknown. Then let's define the extension to be file name.split pop question mark two lowercase or text. Now let's define the status which can be a type of ready or processing or error and by default let's set it to error. If status my apologies if entry status is ready let's return my apologies let's set the status to be ready. else if entry status is pending. Let's set the status to pending. Uh my apologies to processing. Now let's go ahead and let's get the URL of the file. URL check if we have storage ID. Await context storage get URL storage ID otherwise use null. And finally, let's return ID. Entry dot entry ID name file name type extension size file size status URL category metadata question mark category or undefined. And if you've done this correctly, you shouldn't have any errors in your code. Now we have developed the convert entry to public file. And now all of our files here will have that specific public file format with ID, name, type, size, status, URL, and optional category which will help us in displaying it in that table. And now let's go ahead and filter them by category if the category ends up being provided. So filtered files will be arguments.category. If we have it, we're going to do files.filter file file.c category matches the category from our arguments. Otherwise, just return the files. And now let's return page filtered files is done. Results is done. Continue cursor results. Continue cursor. There we go. Now we have the function to fetch our uh list of our files which we have embeddings for using the safe name space and by converting them to public files as well as providing the size of each file just so we can know more specifically what file we are talking about here. So as for this function here uh the reason I I didn't explain it too much is obviously because I didn't write this function myself. I basically found one of the uh packages that exist uh and with AI I just created my own little file here for a simple reason. It's super simple and I think adding a whole package just for this kind of makes no sense, right? We can just do something like this. Uh and we'll see code rabbit review this if there's an obvious issue here. So now let's go ahead and let's use these files. So, I'm going to go inside of apps, inside of web app dashboard, and let's go inside of files, inside of page.tsx. Let's keep this open and let's go inside of modules. And let's go ahead and create new files here. Module. Let's create UI and let's create screens. My apologies, views. And inside, let's create files view.tsx. Mark this as use client export files view component files view. Now go back to page here and simply return files view. As simple as that. Now make sure that you have your app running specifically web. Let's go to localhost 3000 here and let's check out if everything's working. So, we should now be able to go inside of our sidebar, click on knowledge base, and it should say files view. Perfect. Now, let's go ahead and let's develop the files view. So, uh what we're going to have to do here is we're going to have to import all the components from our table. So, table, body, cell, head, header, and row from workspace UI components table. While we are here, let's also import all the infinite scroll components because we know we're going to need them. So this includes the infinite hook and the infinite trigger. Then let's also prepare the pageionated query from React. My apologies from convex react. This will help us fetch the files that we just created. And let's also prepare the API. Let's see. So workspace backend this cannot be found. Oh because it's like this. Yes, my apologies. And let's also import type public file from workspace backend private files. So we have that type public file that we that we are returning. Instead of this files view, let's start by adding const files. And let's do use pageionated query API private files list. And let's leave the uh argument empty. And initial number of items is going to be 10. Now inside of here, let's go ahead and let's do JSON.stringify and pass in the files. And as you can see, we have no files at the moment because we didn't even add any. So now, let's go ahead and let's start developing this component. So I'm going to give this div a class name of flex, minimum, height of screen, flex column, bg muted, and padding of 8. BG muted. There we go. Now, inside of here, let's go ahead and let's limit how wide this will go. So let's add a new div. Let's give it a class name MX auto full width maximum width screen MD. Let's go ahead and open up div here with a class name space Y2. Let's add an H1 element knowledge base. Let's give it a class name text to Excel on Medium text for Excel. Below it, let's add a paragraph upload and manage documents for your AI assistant. Let's go ahead and give this a class name of text muted foreground. Now let's go ahead and separate this and let's give the div below it a class name of margin top 8 rounded large border and let's add bg background. Now, inside of here, let's add the table header. Uh, well, not exactly the table header, but a space above the table with flex items center justify and border bottom px 6 py4. And in here, let's add button from workspace UI components button. And let's add plus icon from Lucid React and add new button. And let's go ahead and add on click here for n