 you cannot proceed further. You are either missing the organization ID or the organization ID belongs to some organization we don't have or it's completely wrong. But if the organization is valid, we go into step two. We extract the contact session ID from the local storage and we validate the contact session ID. We do the same logic as here just using our database and return true or false. And if the session is valid uh in here I think it kind of understood incorrectly. We never actually set anything to error. We don't even set the error message. Even if this call fails, we're going to set the screen to out. Right? So if the session is valid uh we set the screen to selection right. So I think it got confused here probably because we are using inside of here validated contact session we are using catch. So maybe it thinks that this set session valid false somehow determines the error. But yes that's not what we do. So you can see that when we validate the context session if result is valid we simply set the session valid to true and we set the step to done and then in here if we have a valid session we do selection otherwise we do out. So this is where he got out from and uh they probably generated some incorrect logic but we know that's not what happens but still super impressive how it managed to explain this to us. Uh, and we do have some comments and I knew it was going to comment this. Yes, I hate how we handle organization IDs right now. Uh, I hate how we have to do this or empty because technically we know organization ID is guaranteed at that point. So, I'm going to look into how I can help that. Something like this, an early return could help, but you can't do it exactly like this because uh use set atom is a hook and you can't do conditional hook rendering. So, this will not work. this would actually throw an error, but I'm not sure Code Rabbit knows that this is a hook. Uh, in here it recommends checking for this. Well, okay. Yeah, sure. And in here it recommends validating the organization ID. Well, we are pinging clerk's API, not ours, so it's fine. And in here, uh, 2.6.1 is probably like the most upto-date version. So his reg registry is probably not refreshed yet, but 2.6.1 is perfectly valid version. Uh, great. So yeah, I I really dislike this. I fully agree. I don't like this organization ID hack that we're doing. So let's just go ahead and merge this for now. We've done enough for one chapter. Amazing, amazing job. And now let's go back inside of our main and let's click the synchronize changes button here. And after they have synchronized, let's go inside of graph to confirm vidget loading and then we merged it. Amazing, amazing job. That wraps up this chapter and see you in the next one. In this chapter, we're going to go ahead and implement conversations schema, conversation functions, and the selection screen that will help us test the new functions which we created. Let's start by adding the conversation schema inside of packages backend convex schema.ts. And in here, let's go ahead and let's add conversations. And let's go ahead and add a simple define table inside. The first property that will be required is the thread ID. Now, this thread ID will be used to track the convex agent uh generated chat that will be happening. uh you won't be able to fully understand what this is used for now but later when we actually add the AI chatbot which will be very soon you will see why this thread ID is required. It will basically be a reference to a conversation that the AI is having. So this way we are able to have both human chats and AI chats in one and so that we are able to uh fetch them as needed. Now let's go ahead and let's add organization ID which will be a type of string. And then let's go ahead and let's add contact session ID which will be a type of vid contact sessions basically a relation to our contact sessions table. And then let's go ahead and create a status field which is a union which can be unresolved, escalated or resolved. And now let's go ahead and let's add the indexes which we are going to need. The first index is by organization ID using the organization ID field. The second one is by contact session ID using the contact session ID field. The third one is by thread ID using the thread ID field. And the last one is a composite index of status and organization ID using the status and organization ID. After you have added this schema, just make sure you haven't accidentally misspelled organizations or contact sessions here. And then let's go ahead and run TurboDev in the root of our app and focus on the backend task to ensure that the schema is validated, indexes are added, and convex functions are ready. After you've done that, go inside of convex public and go ahead and create conversations. DS. Now, inside of here, let's go ahead and let's import mutation from generated server. And let's go ahead and let's import V from convex values. Now, let's go ahead and let's create a mutation here. And let's prepare our handler. And now inside of the arguments, we're going to accept two things. The first one is going to be the organization ID in which we want to create this conversation. And the second one will be our contact session ID which we store in our local storage. Now in here, let's get the context and the arguments for the handler function. And the first thing we're going to do is we're going to fetch the session using context. database get and simply pass in arguments contact session ID. So thanks to this unique way of ids per table, convex immediately knows that this will be a type of session. So no, you don't even have to define the table. And now we have to verify if this session is correct. So if there is no session available, that's the first red flag. But even if the session exists, we still need to make sure it didn't expire. So let's make sure that it didn't surpass today's date. And now let's throw a new convex error here, which I'm going to give a code of unauthorized and a message of invalid session. And we can import convex error from convex values. If you're interested to learn more about the convex error, you can go inside of their documentations functions error handling application errors. And in here you can see how convex error can be used. So you can just pass a normal string if you want to. But you can also pass in the payload data like this with message code or any other properties you need. And then you can read that on the front end and then you can display some uh different UI states. So now that we have this validated, let's go ahead and let's actually create uh the conversation ID. So const conversation ID will be await context database insert into conversations contact session ID which will be our fetched session ID. So we use the uh the document we just successfully fetched and status will be unresolved by default. Organization ID will be the one from the organization here. And let's go ahead and do con thread ID 1 2 3. And I will add a little to-do replace once functionality for thread creation is present. And let me just fix this. There we go. And then pass in the thread ID here. And that should all be good. And return the conversation ID here. Just like that. Perfect. Now just make sure that your convex functions are ready. So everything is working. And let's go ahead inside of Vidget dev. Let's head to localhost 3001. By default, you're going to get organization ID is required. So simply head to your clerk dashboard, go inside of organizations and find a working organization ID. So you can go ahead and add question mark organization ID and that working organization ID and after that if you have a correct session you will be redirected to selection screen. If you don't have correct session you are going to have to enter your email and username. Now let's go ahead and let's develop the selection screen. So, inside of packages here, my apologies. Inside of apps, widget modules, widget UI screens, I'm going to copy the error screen and I'm going to rename this widget selection screen. I'm going to rename it here widget selection screen and I'm going to remove the error message and I'm just going to say selection screen. And we can remove the alert triangle icon. Now let's go ahead inside of our widget view component which is located inside of views widget view. Find the selection factory key and add vidget selection screen. Let's go ahead and just make sure to import this. You don't have to do this, but I'm just going to go ahead and quickly replace this with modules. I like my imports that way. And now you will see selection screen after you successfully validate and verify your organization. Now let's go ahead and make our selection screen uh look like this. So we are primarily going to develop the start chat one uh because that is the only one which will actually have the functionality. So let's go inside of widget selection screen and let's focus on the body right here. So I'm going to go ahead uh remove the inside of this div and I'm also going to remove the text muted foreground. So the only class name that we need are flex flex one flex call items item center and justify center are actually not needed. So we need gap Y4 padding four and let's add overflow Y auto and inside of here let's add a button from our workspace UI components button and let's go ahead and add a div here class name flex item center gap X2 render the message square icon give it a class name size four and a span start chat. Outside of that div render chevron write icon. So both of these are imported from lucid react. Now let's go ahead and modify this button by giving it a class name height 16 full width and justify between. Let's go ahead and give this a variant of outline and on click for now just an empty arrow function. And just like that, you have the start chat button. Uh and change this to message square text icon from Lucid React. So you can remove the square icon. I think it looks just a little bit better. There we go. That is our button. Now let's go ahead and let's implement the uh handle new conversation click here. So what I'm going to do first is I'm going to go ahead and do const set screen and I'm going to do use set atom from yotai and use the screen atom. Then I'm going to go ahead and grab my organization ID from use set atom. Organization ID Adam. And then I'm going to get my contact session ID from use atom. Oops, this is use atom value too. So use Adam value from Yay. This below is use Adam value as well. And this one will use contact session ID atom family and pass in the organization ID or an empty string like that. And now let's go ahead and let's create our mutation. So create conversation will be use mutation from convex react and pass in the API from workspace backend generated API. the API public conversations create just like that. Then let's do const handle new chat or new conversation. Let's make this an asynchronous method. First things first, um let's check if we don't have contact session ID. We're going to set the screen back to AL. If we don't have organization ID, we're going to set the screen to error. And we're going to set error message, which we also have to modify here. Set error. Set error message. Use set atom. error message Adam missing organization ID so the user knows what happened here and let's do early returns for both of those cases even though at this point you know definitely we should have both of them uh and in fact this should be the order right but since we have that loading screen uh this technically should never happen but it will help with our type safety And now let's go ahead and let's open try and catch. Here in the try, let's go ahead and do con conversation ID. And let's make it await create conversation and pass in the contact session ID and the organization ID. As simple as that. And then let's do set screen. And let's change it to chat. And now inside of catch here uh what we're going to do well I think we can just confidently do set screen and just navigate to out. Uh I mean you could look at the error. Let me just see the type of error will be unknown. So yes the first thing you're going to have to do here if you want to check it on the client uh is you should check if it's instance of convex error like that. But I think we can just confidently return to out because if anything goes wrong here, it's most likely out related, right? Uh, great. So, let's go ahead and check it out. So, now I'm going to go ahead and add the handle new conversation to be the on click here. Just like that. And let's also just make a simple is creating conversation here. So, const is pending conversation. Let's just do pending. and set is pending use state false. Make sure you have imported use state from react. So when we click here set is pending will be true. Actually let's move it to this part like that. And in the finally set is pending will be false. And then disable this button if it's pending. Just like that. So now when you click on this, there we go. I was immediately redirected to chat. And if we go inside of our dashboard in convex instead of echo tutorial here inside of our data conversations we should see one conversation with thread 1 2 3 status unresolved and organization ID contact session ID which should be a direct reference to our contact session that I'm logged in with and all of my metadata. Uh amazing that is exactly what we wanted to do. So now let's go ahead and use this time to also implement one more conversation function. Uh and so we also add uh the conversation ID atom into our page. So what I want to do now is I want to go inside of my widget atoms right here. Uh and now let's go ahead and let's add uh the conversation ID atom. So, I'm going to go ahead. Um, yeah, I kind of weirdly structured this because none of these are really different from one another. We can just keep them all together and just add them as we go along. So, const conversation idom will be atom which is a type of string or null and null by default. And actually, it can be a direct type of conversations, right? Because that's what it's actually going to be. So now add the conversation ID atom here. Go back inside of the vidget selection screen and let's just separate the setters here. Const set conversation ID use set atom conversation ID atom. And then we have the set conversation ID here before we send the user to the chat because if we send the user to the chat it will not be able to load any conversation ID. Perfect. So now that we have both in store, let's go ahead inside of our packages backend convex and public conversations here. And let's go ahead and export const get one to be a query. And the arguments are actually going to be exactly the same. So let's go ahead and just add them here. Let's add a handler and let's dstructure I mean just obtain the context and the arguments in here. And just as in the first example, the first thing we're going to do is validate the session. So let's just go ahead and make sure the session is valid or throw an error if it isn't valid. And you know the more we add this the more are we gonna have the need to kind of you know make this uh abstracted so we can just call some function to check this for us but for now I'm just going to repeat myself but yeah there is a way to make this obviously uh better instead of just typing all over again. So now what we have to do is very simply check if the conversation exists. Uh not by using uh yes we don't need organization ID for this. We just need con uh conversation ID which is a type of ID conversations just like that. So my apologies it's not the same argument. The contact session ID is the same argument, but we are actually looking for the conversation ID. There we go. So if there is no conversation ID, my apologies, no conversation, just return null. We were not able to find anything. And now here's the thing. Uh you might think, okay, and then just return conversation, right? Or just why didn't I why did I even specify this, right? It's going to be null. I can just return it like that. Well, keep in mind this is public API. We need to be careful about what we are returning here, right? So the conversation as you can see has information about the contact session ID. So it wouldn't be the smartest idea to send that back to practically whoever figures out they can call the get one endpoint. So instead of that, we're just going to return the minimal useful information here. conversation id status conversation.st status and a thread ID conversation thread ID which we are still not using for anything but uh this will basically be the key to load messages right perfect so we now have the get one method and now uh let's go ahead and let's develop the chat screen so I'm again going to go inside of the widget inside of my modules UI screens and I'm going to copy the error screen and I'm going to rename this to vidget chat screen. Vidget chat screen. You can call it conversation screen, conversation ID screen, whatever you prefer really. Let's just remove this. Let's remove uh item center and justify center. We are definitely not going to need that. And text muted foreground as well. And let's just say chat screen. And we can remove all of these here. Now let's go inside of the vidget view and let's find chat vidget chat screen like this. Perfect. Uh now that we have this, let's go ahead and let's try our selection again. So just refresh your widget and you will uh go through the same flow. So verifying organization, verifying session and click start chat. And there we go. You're now redirected to the chat screen, which now looks identical, right? So, let's go ahead and slightly modify the chat screen now. So, the first thing the chat screen is going to have differently is the widget header here. So, let's go ahead and give it a class name flex items center and justify between. And then in here, let's go ahead and do flex items center and gap x of two. And then inside of that div, let's add a button which we can import from workspace UI components button. Give it a size of icon. And let's go ahead and render arrow left icon from Lucid React. And let's give it hover. Actually, no, we don't have to do anything. I think it's okay. Just like this. So now you have this back button. But one thing that I don't like is how it looks. And there actually isn't any variant that we can use because all variants uh look kind of bad here. Even when you use ghost, it looks kind of weird. So let's go inside of button. You can go by commandclick or inside of packages UI source components and find button here. And let's go ahead inside of the variance here and let's add transparent. So let me show you where this is. Inside of button variance ZVA find the variance variant and just below the link. And now we're going to create our own variant. BG transparent text primary foreground hover bg transparent hover text primary foreground with 80% opacity. Just make sure you didn't misspell any of these. And then give this a variant of transparent. There we go. That's subtle and I like it. Perfect. Uh, and then outside of this div, we're just going to have a paragraph. My apologies. Inside of this div, we will have a paragraph which just says chat like that. And if you're wondering, okay, what will be here? Uh, well, for now, what we can do is just a button. And we're just going to add a menu icon from Lucid React. and give this a size of icon and a variant of transparent. So just this for now, nothing more. And now let's go ahead and let's find a way to actually query the chat. Right? So what we can do is we can get our conversation ID by using use atom value and conversation ID atom and then we can go ahead and actually fetch the conversation. So const conversation is going to be use query from convex react API from workspace backend generated API public dot conversations and get one. And now inside of here uh this is how we have to do this. Okay. So let's just open use query. Now here's a little bit of a problem. Even though we know that we're going to have conversation ID at this point, we have to check if we have it. So if we have conversation ID in that case uh let's go ahead and let's pass in the conversation ID and let's do the contact session ID which we also need uh but using let's see just contact session ID use atom value contact session ID atom value and we need the organization ID atom. So let's just make sure we have those three and then let's grab the organization ID or empty string like this. There we go. Now we have everything we need. And the alternative will be skip like this. And let's just ensure that all of these are correct. So I'm just going to go ahead and check if we have conversation ID and if we have contact session ID. And let me just add this. There we go. Like that. That is how you create an optional conditional query. Right? If uh basically if it's skipped, it's not going to run. So only if we have conversation ID and contact session ID are we able going to be able to even pass these arguments. So that's why we are doing this. All right. Great. Uh, and now let's simply go ahead and let's just JSON stringify the conversation. And there we go. You now have the fetched conversation. So if you go back, oh yeah, I didn't implement the back function. Let me just uh implement that. So for that, we're going to need a setter. So const set screen use uh set value. How do you I keep forgetting how to use just a second. So it is use set atom screen atom and let's also do set conversation ID use set atom conversation ID Adam. So now that we have these two setters, let's go ahead and let's implement on back functions. So const uh on back, set conversation ID will be null and set screen will be selection. So kind of like a reset. And then just go ahead and give this on click on back. And when you click this, there we go. Perfect. Obviously, if you refresh from here, you will be redirected back to this page. But that is basically what I wanted us to achieve. I want us to load our newly created conversation on its individual page. And I want the option to create it from here. Perfect. So now, the more you click, the more data you're going to have here. But in the next chapter, we're going to finally make use of that thread ID so that it starts to make sense, right? because this will be used to load our messages, but you don't even know how do we get the message schema now. Well, that's the cool thing about Convex and their agent module or agent component is that they will handle all of that for us. So, it's it's truly a magical component and we and it will both allow human conversation and AI conversation. Perfect. So, I think that marks uh everything we wanted to do here. But we are not entirely done, you know, with our API. Of course, you've probably noticed that in our conversations. So, for example, every time we fetch get one, what we could do is we could refresh the contact session because it's active, right? Every time we do create, we should also refetch our session because it's active. That way, if the user is active, they don't have to worry about suddenly expiring. Those are the things we have to watch out of. And that's where we're going to explore our uh internal functions and internal queries and how we can do that. Great. So let's go ahead and merge all of these. So this is 13 conversations. I'm going to stage all changes. 13 conversations. Commit. I'm going to go ahead and open a new branch. 13 conversations. And I'm going to publish the branch. And now let's go ahead and let's open a pull request and let's see if we have any big issues with our code. And to end the chapter, here we have the summary by Code Rabbit. We introduced chat functionality within the widget, including a chat screen and selection screen for starting new conversations. We added backend support for creating and retrieving conversations with session validation and error handling. We implemented a new database table for storing conversation details including status and indexing for efficient queries. So in here we have the sequence diagram which briefly explains what we are doing. The user clicks start a chat on the vidget selection screen. We call the create mutation with organization and contact session ID and the backend convex returns the conversation ID. After that, we are using our state management to set the conversation ID atom and we switch to the chat screen. The widget chat screen then uses the get one query passing the conversation ID and the contact session and returns the conversation summary to the UI. in here uh as in the previous chapter we are still getting this um um recommendation to find a better way to use this organization ID and I do agree but I will just continue like this for now because we are handling uh the lack of contact session ID and organization ID accordingly so it is okay it's just not very convenient uh the loading state will be handled but not like this loading state will be handled using a special use messages hook that we're going to add later on. Um, in here it recommends yes, in here it found a very good issue. So, the contact session ID actually makes no sense here, right? The only thing we're doing is did it expire or not, but we didn't even check if that conversation belongs to that contact session ID. So, yeah, Code Rabbit just saved us from a very serious security issue here. So that's something that we are definitely uh going to implement. I'm going to do that the first point in the next chapter for us to do. Great. And in here it also recommends verifying the organization. So the only thing I I'm not doing that here is because remember uh we need to fetch a third party API to do that clerk's third party API. So just because of that I'm not doing it. Uh, and in here it recommends a better placeholder, more random one, but it's okay the way it is. So, one very serious security issue right here. And we're going to do that in the next chapter to make sure our app has no such security issues. So, let's merge this for now. And then let's go ahead and change to our main branch. Let's go ahead and let's synchronize the changes to make sure everything is up to date here. So, you can use that button. You can use this button right here as many times as you want and just confirm that your graph shows 13 and then that we merged it. That marks the end of this chapter and see you in the next one. In this chapter, we're going to go ahead and implement AI agents functionality into our project. This is our goal. We're going to create a nice interface to render both AI and user messages. And we're going to create a back-end system capable of handling AI responses. And yes, you will be able to use any AI provider. Gemini, OpenAI, Anthropic, DeepSeek, every single one of them are handled by AI SDK. Let's start by fixing the security issue from the previous chapter. If you remember going inside of packages backend convex public conversations we implemented the get one query but there is a problem here. We do validate this session but we never actually check if this conversation has anything to do with our contact session. So let's actually do another check if conversation dot contact session ID is different than the contact session ID from the arguments here or you can use the session ID to use the actual fetched record. Go ahead and throw a new convex error here. And we can just go ahead and copy this inside. And let's go ahead and just say incorrect session in this case, right? And we can actually throw errors for the case of conversation missing too. So this will be not found and we're simply going to say conversation not found. And then we can catch this in an error boundary later like this. There we go. So we just fixed that security issue. Now we are at least checking that that contact session has anything to do with the conversation we are fetching. Perfect. Now let's go ahead and let's add convex agent component. So, if you go inside of Convex documentation, let me just go here and in here you can find their guides agents and in here you can find everything you need to know about their agents components and they are absolutely amazing and you're going to see why because remember we still haven't even added any messages schema and I'm going to tell you a little secret. It's because Convex is dedicated to making amazing developer experience on building AI apps using Convex. And that's why you feel like half of your app is actually missing when in fact this is the other half of our AI logic because they have uh developed it so well. Let's go ahead and let's add it to our project. So we're going to add convex dev agent to our backend app. So let's go ahead and use PNPM filter backend add and let's add convex-dev forward slash agent. There we go. Once that was added, we have to create a convex.config.ts. So let's go inside of packages backend inside of convex and let's do convex.config.ts. And in here, let's go ahead and let's import define app from convex server. And let's import agent from convex dev agent convex.config. Then let's go ahead and define the app. And let's add app dot use agent. And let's go ahead and let's add export default app here. Save this file and go ahead and run turbo dev. Let's see if everything is working or if we need to fix some things here. And there we go. So it says installed component agent and convex functions are ready. And I'm just interested in one little thing. When I initially developed this project, I actually got an error when I added a convex agent because I was missing convex helpers. So just in case anyone here is getting errors, here's how I fixed it. pnpm f backend add convex helpers. As simple as that. So just add convex helpers to your backend and then do turbo dev again. And if you got any errors, they should no longer exist now. Uh but I think they have obviously updated that and fixed it. So it works even without them. Great. So just make sure that inside of your packages back end you now have convex dev agent and convex helpers because we will be using helpers either way. So please do add them regardless. Great. Now that we have added that, let's go ahead and let's create our first agent. So I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to go inside of my packages backend convex and I'm going to create a new folder called system. And under system I'm going to semantically separate all the things that are neither public nor private. They are internal should I say or maybe shared right. So inside of system I'm going to create another folder called AI just to separate things that are AI related. And inside let's create our support agent.ts. And just a quick tip whenever you're adding files inside of convex uh you have to use you cannot use dashes right so because of how they parse their functions and everything you need to uh make sure it's one word right so don't add like a dash between just a small tip. And now as you can see in here uh they say that we have to add AI SDK open AI. So let's talk about AI SDK and what if you don't want to use Open AI. You can visit the link on the screen or simply Google AI SDK to head to this website. So this is the AI toolkit for TypeScript. And uh first things first, we're going to have to install their AI package. So let's do that first. I'm going to go ahead and Hey there, Antonio from the future here. I am editing this video and I realized that in the middle of our tutorial, AI SDK version 5 has officially came out and became the default version. So, what does that mean for you? If you want to, you can use version five, but please keep in mind that that will require you to do some migrations. You will have to migrate from version 4 to version five. So, I cannot guarantee that you will be able to follow this tutorial exactly the same. For example, if I use a field maximum tokens, you're going to have to use the field maximum output tokens. If I import a type core message, you're going to have to import a type model message and so on and so on. This isn't too big of a problem and you can absolutely use version five. It shouldn't break too many things. But I would highly suggest that instead of doing that right away, you follow the exact same versions that I was using to make this tutorial. It will make things a lot easier for you and you can always upgrade later once you finish the tutorial as a personal challenge as an additional task in this project. So, how do you know if you installed version five packages or version 4 packages? There are a couple of important packages that you need to have in your project. I'm now going to open my package JSON at the time of me making this video. As you can see, my Convex dev agent is 0.16. My AI SDK OpenAI is 1.3.23 and my AI is 4.3.19. So, these are the versions needed for if you want to use AI SDK version 4. And here's how you can find out those versions yourself. This is especially important if you are using Gemini, for example. So I have prepared for you all of these npm packages here. You can see that 3 days ago all of them were published on version five. AI is now on version five. AIS SDK is now on version 2.0. AIS SDK Google which is Gemini is also on version 2.0. I am assuming most of you will either use Open AI or Google if you're using Gemini. And as per their migration process here you can see exactly what you have to modify. So you can see that if you want to use version 4 you have to use version lower than 2.0 0 of any AIS SDK and then specific provider packages and ZOD also has to be a specific uh package number which is also why I didn't want to uh upgrade right now simply because we already had some problems with ZOD right so I don't want to accidentally break that again so here's what I want you to do when you go to AI npm package here you can click onto the versions here you can see that all the latest one here are 5.0. But if you scroll a little bit down, you will be able to find the last version 4 which has almost half a million installs. So that's how you can recognize it. So once you have identified that version, that is the version of your AI package that you have to use for this tutorial. It is the exact same version that I have here. Now what if you're using Open AI? Same thing. Click in the versions here and scroll down until you find the last version that is lower than than 2.0. In my case, that is 1.3.23. And same here, you can see uh 300,000 installs and it's the exact version that I am using 1.3.23. What if you're using Google Gemini? Same thing. AI SDK Google. Go inside of versions. Here you can see that 2.0 0 is the current version. Scroll down until you find the last version that's not 2.0. In Google case, that is 1.2.22. So, what does that mean for you? When you follow my instructions in this tutorial, instead of installing backend add AI, you would specify the version. So AI at and then you would find your version here 4.3.19 and you would install that. If you are installing open AI you don't just paste it like that. Instead you go ahead and find the latest version that it's not 2.0 like this. And if you're using Google you install the latest version that is not 2.0 as well. So you replace this with Google and you add the appropriate version. It would be 1.2.22. What happens if you already added a package and now you have a higher version? No problem at all. So far in this tutorial, all of these packages dependencies I believe are only in one package JSON packages backend. I think that is true. If I search them all of them. Okay, looks like they are also in the widget. So that's important. Okay, so what I would suggest you do now is you search through your code to find all of these packages. And if you already have them installed and you can see that they are on version five and that this is on version two, for example, simply find them in your dependencies and change them to this version. Change convex dev agent to this version. Change AI to this version. and make sure it's everywhere like that. And after you have done that in the root of your app, simply run PNPM install. That is how you can ensure that you are using AI version 4 and that you have the proper provider version which must be under 2.0. And then later when you finish this tutorial, you can simply follow this migration guide because there are some breaking changes as you can see. And I want you to have a nice easy time following this tutorial. I don't want you to have to think about those breaking changes right now. But if you find yourself in a situation where you just have to use version five, nothing is working for you, then you're going to have to follow this migration process. Luckily, it's not too difficult. If anything, it's better, but it's just different. So, you're going to have to uh carefully watch whenever I'm doing something and compare it with this uh change here to see, okay, I have to modify this, I have to modify that. But again, you can just use these exact versions. I'm not sure that the convex dev agent version is actually that important, but AI version is definitely important and your provider version, which needs to be below 2.0. So, I hope I cleared that up. Simply head to the npm package of the provider you're using. If that is grock, then you would search for grock. Let me show you the process. Right? So, AI SDK Grock XAI, right? For example, if you're using this for whatever reason, same thing. You go inside of versions, you scroll down until you find the last version that is not 2.0. I assume most of you will be using Open AI and Google which is Gemini. That's why I showed you the examples on those two. I hope that cleared it up and that you will be able to continue with the tutorial. And I'm going to go inside of PNPMF backend add and let's just do add AI. So that is basically this right. Perfect. Now let's go ahead and let's go inside of documentation here and inside of here you can find providers and models. Now just keep in mind you can see that I have this big banner here that I am looking at AI SDK4 documentation. So to know what you should be looking at you simply go inside of your package JSON here in the back end and check what version of AI do you have. If you want to you can use the exact same version as me. So 4.3.19. So uh this would look like this, right? You would add it like that and then you will have the same version as me. But trust me, uh this is handled by Versel and Nex.js. So I'm pretty sure they are taking backwards compatibility seriously here. So even if you are on AI version 5, uh all you have to do is make sure that you're looking at AI SDK version five here or by clicking here or it will simply be the default version. So don't worry if you can't find it. Uh they the reason I'm not using SDK 5 is because it is in beta, right? So that's the only reason why. But I'm pretty sure that for what we need to use this package is going to be exactly the same. The reason I'm even telling you this is because I want to be careful. I want you to be able to finish this tutorial without any troubles. So again, you can use the same version as me, but if you're using version five, just, you know, look out a little bit for any subtle differences between the documentation. So definitely do open the documentation and follow the documentation with me. So go ahead and find providers and models or whatever is the equivalent in the version five documentation here. And in here you will find everything that you can use. Open AAI provider uh Google generative AI provider. I believe that this is uh Gemini, right? Or if you want XAI gro, I think they also provide free tiers. or if you want to use DeepSync. I've heard they are super cheap, if not also free. Not sure. So, basically, go ahead and choose the one you like, the one you prefer. I personally use AI, OpenAI in all of my projects. I have credits there, so I'm going to be using Open AI provider, but you go ahead and click on the one you want. And the first thing you're going to have to do is simply install their version of the package inside of your back end. So, PNPM F backend add AISDKward slashopen AI. So let's go ahead and install that. And uh there we go. AISDK open AI. So this is my AI version and this is my AI SDK open AI version just in case you want to use the same versions as me. And once you have added AI SDK open AI, it is very important that you scroll a little bit down here until you can find the API key. So what you need to find is the default uh environment variable for your provider. In my case, that is OpenAI API key. So I'm going to copy that and I'm going to go inside of packages backend environment local and I'm just going to add it here. So for example, if you were using Google generative AI, you would go ahead and add this, right? You would scroll a bit down API key and you will add this environment variable, right? Uh now I'm going to show you how you can obtain API keys using Open AI, but for other providers, you're going to have to research a bit on your own, but it shouldn't be hard at all. All right. So, in order to obtain the API key for OpenAI, use the link on the screen to head to the Open AI platform and go ahead and create an account. Once you're logged in, the first thing you want to do for Open AI is you want to click on the little settings button and head into billing and make sure that you have some balance. So, $5 will be enough for this entire tutorial. If you're using Gemini or something like that, it should be completely free for you. But uh just make sure if you're using OpenAI like me, you need to have some balance here. And after that, head into API keys. So I'm going to go ahead and create a new secret key. And I'm going to call it echo tutorial like that. And I will simply choose the default project permissions all and click create secret key and copy it. And that's it. That is how you obtain OpenAI API key. Immediately after you have added your open AI key, Antropic API key, Gemini API key, Grock API key, whatever you are using, copy it. Head into the Convex dashboard. Go inside of settings, environment variables, add and paste it here. So the exact same thing that you just added here locally, make sure to save inside of your cloud platform here. Perfect. You can now close the uh open AI platform, Google platform, anthropic platform, whatever. And let's go back inside of building our agents. So now what we have to do is we have to import the uh package that we installed inside of our support agent.ts file that we started developing. So for me that's open AI from AI SDK Open AI. uh in your case it might be Google from AI SDK Google right and now you have to also import agent from at convexdev agent and then import components from and then go back until you hit generated API like that and then let's go ahead ahead and do export const support agent new agent components aagent. Let's go ahead and give it chat. And this will simply be open AI. And let's go ahead and specify GPT 40 mini. So if you're wondering what should I use for Google? Well, I don't know. You're going to have to research the models for Google or whatever else you're using. But this is strictly typed. So all you have to do is add annotations and you will see all the options. So just choose one. Uh there is no specific one that I recommend you use, right? I'm just using whatever I think they had in their example here. Let me just check. Yes, they're using GPT40 mini. So that's what I put. That's the only reason you can go ahead and Google the equivalent of Gemini or Anthropic or whatever it is you prefer. And in the instructions here, uh well, let's go ahead and let's simply say you are a customer support agent. That's it. Later, we're going to create a whole big prompt for that. Perfect. So now what I actually uh I'm going to do instead of AI um actually this is fine. Let's leave it inside of AI. Let's leave it under support agent like this. And now we have to go ahead and delete all of our existing conversations. So let's go inside of data conversations, select all of them and delete them because all of them have the fake thread ID. So now inside of convex public conversations find the create mutation here and we're going to modify it ever so slightly. So what we're going to do is we're going to finally remove this to-do and fake constant with constant thread id from await support agent that you can now import dot create thread pass in the context and pass in the user ID. Now the user ID in this case uh should be the organization ID because that's how we want to associate this thread with. So arguments.organization ID like that. And now you have an actual working thread ID. So support agent make sure you have imported it from system AI support agent. You can also find these instructions here in the threads. So you can see you have to do agent.create thread exactly what we just did. You can see that you don't even have to pass anything other than context inside and then you will also get the thread ID. But I like to associate my threads with a specific ID uh which is also as they say metadata. All right. So just one thing I want to do before we continue instead of system AI create an agent folder and then drag and drop the support agent inside. And you're going to have to update your imports now. So inside inside of conversations, make sure that you now change it to system AI agents support agent and inside of convex convex.config. Uh whoops, not here. Uh let me just find oh that might actually be the only place where yeah but inside of the support agent just make sure you have updated the components import to go three rows behind like this. Basically make sure you have no errors. Make sure that when you do turbo dev uh in the back end everything should be working smoothly. There shouldn't be any errors whatsoever. Let's just confirm. Convex functions ready. Perfect. So what should we do now? We should try and create a conversation. So I'm going to go ahead and I'm I am on localhost 3001. I have a proper organization ID here at the top. So I have the option to start chat. When I click start chat, you can see that now I have an actual thread ID inside. And now we can use this thread ID to create new messages and to retrieve messages for this chat. So let's see where we are right now. We added the convex component. We selected our AI provider. We added API keys. We installed AI SDK. We deleted all old conversations. And we updated the conversations create function. Now it's time to add AI components from KBO UI. Now you might be wondering what is KBO UI? Well, using the link on the screen, you can access it here. So you don't have to uh Google it yourself. It is basically an amazing extension on chat CN. Honestly, it is insanely good. So uh in here you can find all things AI chatbot related like branching conversation input messageing AI response sources suggestion AI tool. It's honestly amazing. But alongside that they also have all this amazing other uh components. There is one slight problem that I encountered. I wasn't able to add them to my monor repo project. It just wouldn't work. Luckily, they are open source. They have their source code right here. So, I have prepared in my assets uh repository the exact code that I'm going to add to my project now. So, let's go inside of my um assets. You can find the link on the screen here and go ahead and go inside of UI inside of components. And in here you can find the AI folder. And in here you have all of these components available. So let's go ahead and add them one by one. So I'm going to go and close everything like this. Let's go inside of packages UI source components and create a new folder called AI. And let's start with branch. Simply copy everything inside. create a new file branch.tsx and paste it here like that. And for branch for example, everything should be completely fine because we have the button and we have CN. But for some of these, we're going to have to require to install some packages. So now let's go ahead and do conversation conversation which for example we'll need this new package. So inside of AI conversation tsx let me just check yes it is singular conversation and when I save there is an error. So we have to add use stick to bottom. So let's go ahead and do pnpm f and this is our UI package and let's go ahead and do add use stick to bottom like that. So we are adding this to the UI package of ours. And when we do that, in a couple of seconds, when this uh refreshes, everything should work just fine. Perfect. Now, I'm going to go ahead and pause and basically do the exact same thing. And I will unpause if we have to add some more packages. So, after I added reasoning.tsx, I encountered this package missing. So, let's go ahead and add this package. PNPMF UI add. And then this package right here. Just make sure you filter to the UI package and after that this should be resolved. But this one at the bottom is still an error and it still will be an error. But this is the AI response that we are adding right now. So I believe some of the next components will be the AI response. Let's see. Yes, it's right here. All right. Now in the response which I just added from here we need to install react markdown and we need to install remark gfm. Let's go ahead and do that. So pnpm whoops pnpmf ui add react markdown and remark gfm and let's see if after we add these packages uh all these other typescript errors will resolve themselves as well or not. Looks like they resolved themselves. Perfect. So now our response dsx is intact and working. Perfect. So three more left and here we go. So I just added all of them. So that is branch, conversation, input, message, reasoning, response, source, suggestion, and tool. I highly suggest that you do it by using my assets here simply because I think that when you uh when you use their uh CLI tool, they actually add more components. Uh but I removed things that we don't need. So that's why it might be easier for you to actually do it line by line. Yeah. Uh anyway, absolutely amazing UI library. We will come back for a few more of these components because they are amazing. But for this chapter, that is it. So uh let's go ahead now and let's create our messages function. So I'm going to close everything here because we now have added a very important part. But now we need to be able to actually create the messages and we need to be able to fetch the messages. So let's go inside of backend convex inside of public. I'm going to create messages. Whoops. Messages.ts. But just before we go ahead and do that, let's go inside of system here. Uh and basically we're now going to have to create some internal uh packages here. So inside of system outside of the AI folder just inside of system go ahead and create contact sessions. DS. So basically follow the same naming convention for contact sessions in the system folder as you did in the public folder. So contact sessions here and contact sessions here. The difference is that in here we're going to have the following export const get one internal query from generated server and arguments here are going to be contact session id which will be a type of v from convex values do id contact sessions and the handler here is going to have the context the arguments ments and we're basically just going to return await context database get contact session ID from the arguments. Let's just not misspell contact session ID. So what is this? Why am I even doing this? What is an internal query? Internal query is practically the same thing as a normal query API wise but it can only be called within other convex functions. So in here you add something that you either want to uh use in actions because remember actions are not the same as mutations. Actions are a separate runtime. So in order to access the convex database through an action you need to have an internal query right or if you want to protect something so it's not publicly available right so let's go ahead and define the internal query for compact session and it's actually going to make more sense to you why we're doing this in a second but we also need another one uh and that is going to be conversations instead of the system folder so let's create conversations s ts export con get by thread id. So very specific right and let's also add the internal query tag here. Arguments are logically going to be thread ID. Let's go ahead and set this to be a string handler asynchronous like that. And let's grab our conversation to be await context. database. So context and arguments context dot database let's query conversations with index by thread ID which we prepared ahead of time and let's simply query to make sure that thread ID is equal to arguments thread ID and we're looking for a unique record that has that because there shouldn't be two conversations that have the same thread ID. That should never happen. So, we can safely do unique. And let's return conversation here. There we go. And now we are ready to uh develop our messages.ts now that we have this internal queries. So, why did we need to do that? Well, because export con create in the messages won't be a mutation. It's going to be an action, right? Remember actions? Let me go ahead and refresh your memory. I think it's organizations in the convex public. Here, here are actions. Actions are special type of actions, functions inside of convex that are used to query third-party services. And because of that, they are not able to directly access the convex database unless you use internal queries. That's why we prepared that. So this concept is a little bit unusual. So it's probably confusing you, but it's actually very simple once you write a couple of these. I highly recommend going inside of their documentation and reading about internal functions. So they can only be card by called by other functions and cannot be called directly from a convex client. Uh use cases for internal functions. Here's the first one, the exact one we need. Calling them from actions via run query. That is the first and very example that we need them for. So let's go ahead now and develop this. So here are the arguments uh that we're going to need for this action. Prompt thread ID and contact session ID. Then let's add the handler here context and arguments. And let's import convex values like that. Now in here uh the first thing I want to do is I want to get my compact session by using await not context.database.get but instead context.runquery and the query that we're going to run is internal system oops we have to import internal from generated API. So internal system uh dot let me just check the internal why is it not working uh just a second internal generated API okay let's go ahead and write internal system contact sessions get1 we need to have turbo dev on so convex can update and create those internal functions first. So whenever you don't have the correct types, it's mostly because of that. So there we go. You can see how now it's fixed. We do have an error, but it's not related to the API because it's missing the arguments. The argument needed is the contact session ID, which is arguments contact session ID. And that's how we get the contact session so that we can validate it. So if there is no contact session or if contact session expires at is less than date now throw new convex error from convex values with code unauthorized and message invalid session like that. And now we can go ahead and grab our conversation that we need. So conversation is await context run query internal system conversations get by thread id and pass in arguments thread id and that's how you find the conversation. Now if no conversation was found we can throw new convex error here with code not found and a message conversation not found. And now uh let's go ahead and just do if conversation.st status here is already resolved, we shouldn't be able to send messages here. So let's throw new error here. Convex error here. Code bad request message conversation resolved. Great. Now I'm going to go ahead and just add a comment here to do implement subscription check because if we have subscription only then are we going to allow the AI agent to respond. And now we're finally writing the code for the AI agent to respond. So await support agent. Make sure you have imported it from system AI agents. This is why this needs to be an action because we are calling a third-party service. What is the third party service? Well, open AI or Gemini or Grock that's why this needs to be an action and that's why we are doing this uh here over there type of fetching right so let's await support agent generate text pass in the context as the first argument pass in the thread ID arguments thread ID as the second argument and as the third argument pass in the prompt Uh and let me just check is that uh prompt should be arguments.prompt. Yes, like that. Now later on we will have tools which we can add here. But for now this can just be empty. And I think that should be it. That is our message to basically uh create a new AI response. And we are doing the same type of validation uh because this will be used by the widget user right so the widget user will attempt to create a new message. So we have to verify their contact session but we have to use the internal system for this one because this is an action and that's the only way we can do that because if you try doing context.database.get uh you will get an error. There is no database here because they are strictly separating their action with their query and mutation. So this is for security reasons, right? Great. So now that we have that, let's also develop develop export con get many. And this can be a normal query. So yes, you can mix and match uh both actions and queries and mutations in the same file. That's completely fine. The only exception would be if you were to actually add use node. This is used in very very rare exceptions when for whatever reason the third parity package you're using needs to have that then you can't mix uh queries and actions. So what we're going to have to do here uh is first of all import query from the generated server. So make sure you have added it the same way we added action here. The arguments are going to be thread id which is a type of string pagination options which are a pagination okay so pagionation options validator you can import it from convex server so basically convex handles pagionation for us we don't even have to think about it and contact session ID which is a type of contact sessions ID Let's add handler asynchronous method context arguments. And now let's go ahead and first things first validate our contact session the same way we did before. So we can now normally get it. You can see the difference in here. We have access to con uh convex database. So we can just easily do this. But when the action is in question, we have to run it through the internal system. That's why we created those internal functions. And now let's go ahead and just do the normal check if the contact session does not exist or if expires at is passed, invalid or expired session. Actually, let's use convex error here. It doesn't matter. You can throw normal errors. It's perfectly fine. I just like to use the this method invalid session. All right. And now let's go ahead and simply return back pageionated items using await support agent which we already have imported list messages. Pass in the context pass in the thread ID arguments thread id and pagionation options. And that's it. we have now not just fetched the messages um but we have also associated them with their appropriate thread ID and we have added pagination so there are so many things we usually should do ourselves here but convex did it for us not only that but I don't think you even noticed when we create a new message you can see that in here we are just passing the thread ID and that is enough for this support agent component from convex to use the history of the chat to prepare the response, right? So you can actually ask this AI model, what did I just say two messages ago? And it will know because of this thread ID. So all of those things are happening in the background without you even knowing. So for us, this seems super simple, right? We're just creating the message and listing it. The only complex part about this entire implementation is our contact session validation. Everything else is pretty easy, right? So now I believe we are ready to test this out. So what I want to do is I want to go inside of apps, I want to go inside of vidget app, my apologies, modules, UI screens, widget chat screen right here. And now let's add all of those AI uh components uh that we added. So from the AI conversation file, that's going to be AI conversation, AI conversation content, and AI conversation scroll button from workspace UI components AI conversation. So just make sure you have them right. Let's check once again. inside of packages, UI, source, components, AI, branch, conversation, input, message, reasoning, response, source, suggestion, and tool. You can use the link on the screen to obtain them. After you have added AI conversation, it's time to add everything from AI input. That is AI input, submit, text area, toolbar, and tools. After that, let's go ahead and let's add everything from AI message. That is the message itself and the message content. Now for the response, it's quite easy. Just response. For the suggestions, AI suggestion and suggestions. And now let's go ahead uh and let's try and fetch our messages here. So let's see, do we have everything we need? We have organization ID. We have contact session ID. And in here we have the conversation itself. So I think we should be able to fetch this by using use thread messages. That's right. Convex has prepared a hook for us. Use thread messages from at convex dev agent react. So uh let me just see. I'm not sure if I have to install this or if I have to install this now because we just installed convex dev agent. But remember only in our backend package. So now I'm just checking uh we have to install this now in our dashboard too. My apologies in our widget. So pnpmf widget add and let me just see the exact version. So this version, let me just add it. So make sure you filter into the vidget. That's where we are adding it. Convex dev agent. Let's go ahead and run turbo dev again. And there we go. No more errors now. And another thing we can import from here is two UI messages. Basically another helper here. So first let's use the use thread messages to load our messages. So I'm going to go ahead after conversation here and I'm going to add const messages here to be use thread messages and let's use API.public dot messages whoops dot get many and then we going to have to use the thread id and we can obtain it through conversation which we fetched from above. So let's check if we have conversation question mark thread ID and if we have contact session ID. This contact session ID is available through the atom value. So if we have both of those. Let's go ahead and let's open an object and let's pass in thread ID from conversation thread ID and contact session ID. Otherwise skip. And then the third argument is going to be the initial number of items we are going to fetch and that can be 10. And that is our messages. Just like that. Perfect. Uh so now if you actually want to you can already go below this and do JSON stringify messages. So now if you go inside of your app localhost 3001 with the proper organization ID at the top click start chat and you will see an empty array and is loading false and state status exhausted meaning it loaded all messages and there are none to be loaded but it's working because we have a actual thread ID. This thread ID actually exists. So it's working and here's something fun we can do. For a brief second, go back inside of packages backend and go and find your conversations.ts public here. And every time you create a new conversation, wouldn't it be cool if the AI sent the message first? Well, you can actually do that. Let's go ahead and do this. Let's do await save message. You can import save message from convex dev directly like this. And in here go ahead and pass context and pass components agent. In order to actually import the components, we have to do that from the generated API. Uh so let's do this from generated API. That's where you can find the components from. So let's go back inside of the create mutation. So pass in the components. Pass in the thread ID arguments. Oh, it's thread ID. We actually have it right here. Okay. And then let's create a message from assistant. And the content in here will be hello, how can I help you today? So that's going to be the first message of every chat. And I'm going to add a little to-do here later modify to vidget settings initial message because we're going to allow users to customize the initial message. But right now we don't have that functionality. So refresh your entire page now and click start chat. And you can see the difference. Now we now have our first message. Hello, how can I help you today from assistant? Perfect. So it works. We can officially save message and we can load the message. And this actually gave you a glimpse of how we're going to enable human conversation. You can see that I was able to completely hijack this Convex's AI uh component by simply importing save message directly and deciding myself what the response will be. And that's how we're going to create human conversations without AI interfering. Because you can see that in order for AI to interfere we have to call await support agent and then generate text right but if you don't want AI to respond anything you can just use this just directly save the message save them as user and the content will be arguments dot prompt. So now that we have all of that let's create the UI and make this pretty. In order to create the UI, we have to go inside of the chat widget screen and we have to implement the form. So let's import zod resolver from hook form resolvers zod. This was the problematic one, right? If you remember, let's go ahead and let's import zod from zod. Uh and let's import uh I'm not sure if we have we do have button. Great. Uh but let me just find we are going to need to import use form from react hook form. And I think that's enough for now. Now let's define our form schema here just above the widget chat screen. Form schema uses zod object to create a message which is a string. A minimum value is one. Message is required like that. And now uh let's go ahead and let's create our form. Actually I'm going to do that after the messages here. Oops right here. So let's define our form. Form is going to be use form zinfer type of form schema constant from above. And then inside of the object of that form schema, we're going to add the resolver which is a type of zod resolver and pass the form schema inside. and then a very simple default values object with message being an empty string. Basically, we have already done this. If you search for use form Z infer inside of widget out screen, you can see the exact same thing but different default values. So, in case uh you're not sure where where I found this from, that's where. Perfect. Now that we have uh the form here, let's go ahead. Uh let me just move this on back somewhere up here like that. It doesn't need to be closer there. So now I'm going to add const create message and I'm going to call use action because remember message is an action. So let's pass in API.public messages.create. create. So we have imported use action from convex react and we already have API from workspace backend generated API. Great. And now let's go ahead and let's develop onsubmit method which is an asynchronous function here and its values are going to be a type of z.infer infer infer type of schema. Whoops. Form schema. And then in here, let's go ahead and first do if there is no conversation. Well, let's just return like break the method. There's no point in going forward. Let's immediately reset the form. So, we clear it. And let's then do await create message. pass in the thread ID from the conversation thread id prompt will be values dot message individual message one and contact session id uh will be our so yes we can also check if there is no contact session ID here like that there we go and now we can just use the shorthand operator here this is the same thing so if you write it like this or if you write it like this is the same thing if the key and the value of the variable are named the same. Excellent. So now we have that. Let's go ahead and let's actually uh develop this form. So I'm going to go ahead outside of the vidget header here and I'm going to remove this div. Instead I'm going to add AI conversation. So we have all of these components already imported. inside AI conversation content. And then inside of here, I'm going to do two UI messages. Again, we have this imported from convex dev agent react to UI messages. Messages dot results or empty array. So, messages. Whoa, my apologies. So, let's just see. uh messages come from let me just find it use thread messages so that's what I'm referring to right now we are iterating over them but let's add a fallback here to an empty array question mark dot map get the individual message in here and return AI message from property we'll check the message ro if the role is user We're going to say user otherwise we're going to say assistant key is going to be message ID. Now inside AI message content AI response and render message content. So there isn't much for me to explain here. It's just composition of this component, right? I just follow KBO UI documentation on how to do this. That's why I'm not explaining too much. It's just composition. Uh, and let's go ahead and just add a little like this. Whoops. To-do. Add avatar component. We do have avatar component, but we're going to have to create a custom one [snorts] like this. Okay. In here, we end conversation content. We end the conversation like that. Uh, then I'm going to add a little to-do here. Add suggestions. We still don't have the resources for that uh yet. And I think we can already see how this looks now. There we go. Hello. How can I help you today? Much much better already. Now it's time to develop the actual form. So I think we forgot to import uh all the form elements here. But there are only two that we need actually. So somewhere at the top or here add form and form field from workspace UI components form. All right, let's scroll down now. Form spread the form uh from the hook inside. And now in here, let's go ahead and add AI input. The AI input props will be the following. onsubmit it's going to be form handle submit and pass in onsubmit class name here will be rounded none border x0 and border bottom zero so how did I know that I can pass onsubmit here why am I even passing onsubmit here well again let's refer to our widget out screen this is the first place where we used the form right remember that this was the composition form and then a native form form element inside with onsubmit. So why am I adding onsubmit here? Why not a form element inside? Well, if you take a peek instead of AI input, it's actually form that's why. So why form handles? Why not just directly on submit? Very simply, form.andsubmit will make sure that the fields are validated first. That's why. Now inside of this AI input, let's add form field which is a self-closing tag. Let's give it control form. So this is just uh react hook form API. That's why I know how to do this. Uh it's going to be disabled if conversation.status is resolved. So we are not going to allow the user even to type if conversation question mark. status is resolved. The name of this form field will be message because that's the only field we actually have. The render here will destructure the field AI input text area like that. Disabled will be if conversation question mark status is resolved again. On change will be field on change just like that. on key down here will get the event and we're very simply going to check if event key is equal to enter and if we are not pressing down the shift key we're going to submit the form as well so form handle submit onsubmit and execute that basically this on key down prop is not required I just think it's cool that you can press enter and it will submit automatically And now the placeholder again will depend if the conversation is resolved or not. So placeholder if conversation status is resolved this conversation has been resolved. Otherwise placeholder will be type your message. Just be mindful of the question mark here. And finally the value will be field do value. Great. And this is actually a self-closing tag. So you can add a forward slash here and remove this here. Just like that. Then outside of it, go ahead and add AI input toolbar. Add AI input tools. And they're going to be completely empty, but we need them just to take this space. And then AI input submit, which is our last component, I promise. Disabled if conversation.st status is resolved or if form form state is valid. Make sure to put exclamation point in here. So if it is not valid and a question mark here status will be ready and type will be submit. Just like that and here we have our component. And now if we've done this correctly I should be able to uh ask the AI a question. how are you? And let's go ahead and click submit. Our message is submitted. And would you look at that? The AI has repo responded. I'm here and I'm ready to assist you. How can I help you today? Uh what can you help me with? So you can see that this is now an AI model that we can talk to. And you can see that it's hallucinating right now, right? I just told it you are a customer support agent. It actually has no access to tools, no access to any embeddings. it will just generally act as a customer support agent. But this is our uh blueprint and this is what we will be working on. So you can see how simple convex made this for us. And we even saved some time by not having to develop these tools. We just have to add them and use them. But basically 90% of the heavy lifting here was done by Convex. We just had to add our AI SDK and the rest is history. So for example, if I now try and do what did I ask you before? Uh you will see that this AI is history aware. So you asked me how I was doing, right? Our first message was how are you? And then you inquired about what I can help you with. That was my second message. So you can see we didn't do anything to give this AI memory. Convex agent component did that for us using that magical thread ID thingy. Absolutely amazing. I'm super proud of what we did. And here's a fun fact. So, you are probably wondering, okay, great. I can see conversations in my database and sessions, but where are those messages? Well, look at this little button here. Click here and click on agent. This is where they are. So if you go into the messages here, you will find all of the messages in here. So that's how they are stored in convex. You can see these are components, right? And one quick tip as well. Sometimes it's hidden. Sometimes it looks like this. So you have to click on the tables. Just a quick tip. Excellent. Amazing. Amazing job. I think that's everything that we had planned. So we added AI components. We created the message functions and the internal functions. Amazing, amazing job. And we also made it look like this. There are a couple of things missing like infinite pagination uh and avatars, but we will add that very soon. I think it's time to end this chapter at this moment. So, this is 14 AI agents. Uh let's go ahead and close everything. Let's go ahead and stage all of our changes. 14 AI agents. Let's commit. Let's open a new branch 14 AI agents and let's publish that branch. Then I'm going to go ahead inside of my repository here and I'm going to review this pull request just to see that we didn't miss any critical security issues like we did last time and Code Rabbit saved us with the review. So, we introduced a fully featured AI chat interface with structured message rendering, input validation, and enhanced conversation controls. We added support for AI generated suggestions, reasoning, sources, and tool outputs with new collapsible and interactive UI elements. This is describing the keyboard UI components which we added. We enabled multi-line message input, improved scroll behavior and dynamic message fetching with pagenation. So all of this is still I believe uh mostly talking about the keyboard UI components. Besides message fetching that is our uh convex agent component. We integrated customer support AI agent using the latest open AI model. In my case it's open AI right for backend conversations. And in here file by file change of course but in here we have the sequence diagram which is always interesting to look at just to uh repeat our knowledge. So the user submits a message via form using vidget chat screen. We call the create message function with prompt thread ID and session ID. The backend app receives that and it uses the support agent to generate the response. The support agent returns the AI response and then we update the messages and we fetch them via get many function and finally we render them in the chat UI using keyboard UI components. Amazing. So in here uh as for the comments uh it left a suggestion to wrap the await create message in try and catch. This is true. We can do that. Um, the only reason I'm not doing it is because I haven't thought of a good solution to display error messages in the vidget component because I'm not sure how a toast notification would look like because remember this won't be a full screen app. This will be a very small part of the iframe. So that's the only reason why I'm not wrapping this inside of try catch and then uh firing a toast because this is the widget component. So it's a little bit odd, right? Uh the check for open AI key. I'm fine with the way it is. Uh in here uh a warning to check for duplicated open AI HTTP traffic. So good advice, but I think we are good here. And yes, this is a uh this we should be aware of that. So we just added react markdown which uh depending on how we use this component later on will mean that we have to sanitize users request because without sanitization we are subject to XSS injections and now it's just reviewing the key UI components. Uh so I'm not going to really look through these changes because they are from a third party. I am okay with the way they are which means we are ready to merge this pull request. Amazing, amazing job. And let's go ahead and go back inside of our main branch. Let's go ahead and synchronize our changes to make sure everything is up to date. Let's go ahead and select the graph just to confirm we detached and we merged back. Since we are already in the 14th chapter, I would recommend that at the end of each tutorial, my apologies, at the end of each chapter, you actually try build for a very simple reason that if something is wrong, you have time to fix it. Because if you don't check your build for the next, I don't know, 10 chapters, however many we're going to have, you're going to have a lot of problems uh fixing them, right? So, please go ahead and do occasional turbo builds. You can see that my widget is building uh fine. If yours has any errors, now would be the good time to try and fix that. It is 99% a type error or a lint error, so it should be easy to fix. Um but um yeah, that's my advice. basically just start building your apps because we are deep into our app and if we if you don't try turbo build and only try it when we deploy you might be hit with like a 100 type errors wondering where they came from. So always turbo build at the end of each chapter so you are ahead of any errors. I believe that marks the end of this chapter we pushed to GitHub. Amazing amazing job and see you in the next chapter. In this chapter, we're going to enhance our widget chat screen by adding infinite scroll functionality as well as an avatar component to render some images next to chat bubbles. So, let's go ahead and start with use infinite scroll hook. Since we're going to need this hook across our web and vidget applications, I thought it would be a good idea to add it to the UI package because in here we actually have hooks already. So, let's go ahead and add use infinite scroll.ts. And then in here, let's go ahead and import everything we are going to need. So, that's going to be use callback, use effect, and use ref from React. Now, let's go ahead and let's create an interface. Use infinite scroll props. The first one is going to be the status. Now the status can be the following options. Can load more, loading more, exhausted or loading first page. So if you're wondering where do I get these values from? Well, if you actually go inside of the widget chat screen and if you find use uh thread messages here, you can go ahead and try and do messages status. And when you hover over it, you will see loading first page, can load more, loading more, and exhausted. So those are the options. And I've just transferred them here. So just double check. I recommend that you do this and just hover and just double check that yours are the same here. You can even copy them from there and just add them here like that. Now they are in this order. It's the same thing. Let's add a function load more to accept a certain number of items here which is a type of number. And let's go ahead and add an optional load size. So if we want to load by five, by 10, by 20 like that. And let's add an boolean observer enabled which will basically tell uh this hook do we want automatic infinite scroll or only on load more button click. Now let's export con use infinite scroll hook here and let's assign the props and let's d the structure the status load more load size observer enabled set to true and load size set to 10 by default. Now the first thing I want to do is I want to add a top element ref like this which is a use ref with a type of HTML div element and a default value of null. Now let's define the handle load more use call back method like this and inside we're going to check if the status in is can load more in that case we're going to load more how many well the exact load size we defined and we need to pass status load more and load size in the dependency array. Now let's add use effect here. Inside of the use effect, we're going to get the top element by referencing our top element ref which we defined seconds ago. And since it's a ref, the way you get the value is by accessing current. So if not neither top element and observer enabled return. So if it so happens that we can't find the top elements or if observer is not enabled no point in continuing forward. So just make sure you put an exclamation point in here. And then let's go ahead and let's do const observer new intersection observer. Go ahead and open a function like this. Open an array and extract entry from here. Go ahead and open a function. If entry question mark is intersecting handle load more like that and then add a threshold 0.1. So this is basically sensitivity, right? I find it that it works pretty well with these settings. And let's add observer.observe and pass in the top element. So when we reach the threshold and intersect with the top element, we're going to trigger load more, but only if top element is visible and if I mean if top element was found and if the observer is enabled in the first place. And what's important is that you add a unmount function here and disconnect the observer so there aren't any leaks. And we need to add handle load more and observer enabled. So in case you were wondering why did load more need to use use callback because we're using it in use effect. And that's how we memorize it and how we safely add it into the dependency array here. And now what we have to do is we have to return back the top element refle can load more which can simply be a status and then can load more. Uh and then let's go ahead and just do the same for all the other statuses. Is loading more is checking loading more. Is loading first page. We'll check if the status is loading first page. Is exhausted. We will check if status is exhausted just so we don't have to do that. Wherever we use the hook, we have this little helper here. There we go. All right. Uh, so I just want to remove this messages status in the vidget chat screen because I see it's unsaved and it's bothering me. So I'm just going to close it. [snorts] Now let's go ahead and let's create the infinite scroll trigger component. So again inside of packages UI components create infinite scroll trigger.tsx let's go ahead and let's add button and CN both from workspace UI one from components and the other one from lib. Now let's create an interface infinite scroll trigger props. Can load more is going to be a boolean. is loading more is going to be a boolean. Onload more will be a function. Load more text will be an optional string. No more text as well. Class name, same thing. And reference an optional react reference HTML div element like so. Let's export const infinite scroll trigger. And now in here, let's attach infinite scroll trigger props. And then inside of here, we can destructure all of those props. So what I did was destructured all of them and I added default values for load more text and for no more text. So by default the button will say load more and if it can't find any more items it will simply say no more items. Now let's go ahead and let's define the text to be load more text. If is loading more text will be loading. If you want to you can even create a prop for this but I think it's a bit of an overkill. Else, my apologies. Else if not can load more text will be no more text. And let's go ahead and let's return a div. Let's give it a class name CN flex full width justify center py of two and then pass class name as the optional prop and pass ref whoops outside ref to be ref. Add a button render text inside. Give it a disabled prop if not can load more. So if it can't load more or if it is loading more on click it will call on load more size will be small and variant will be ghost like that perfect uh and now I think we're actually ready to use these two so let's start by going back inside of the vidget chat screen which you can find inside of apps apps widget modules widget UI screens widget chat screen and I just want to add my import. So let's import use infinite scroll from workspace UI hooks use infinite scroll and let's also add infinite scroll trigger from workspace UI components infinite scroll trigger. Now, let's go ahead and let's use the use infinite scroll hook right after our messages here. So, it's all kept together. So, I'm going to go ahead and call use infinite scroll like this. And inside, I'm going to pass status to be messages. And you can see that well, let's first add all of them so we don't have any errors. So, load more will be messages. load more load size will be 10. The same number that I used for the initial number of items. If you want to, you can remove this magic number and then put it in a constant. But you can see that I have no errors here because my status matches exactly what it accepts. Right? So that's why it was important for you if you're getting errors here simply hover over message. Status and check what's happening here and then go inside of your use infinite scroll and check uh that you have the same here. And then you will probably have to slightly modify them here if they are different but they shouldn't be. Now in here you can destructure the top element refle can load more and is loading more. Whoops. Is loading more like that. Perfect. Now we have to add our infinite scroll trigger which will also be the top element ref that will be used for the observer intersection. So usually when with an infinite scroll you would put that at the bottom of your page but we are doing chat interface here. So it's the opposite actually only when the user scrolls at the top of the chat page do we load all their messages. So we have to find the start of the AI conversation and then the start of the AI conversation content where we rendered the messages and in here add infinite scroll trigger which is a self-closing tag. Give it can load more of simple can load more. Give it is loading more. Is loading more. Onload more. Onload more. And give it the ref top element ref. And this should be handle load more not on load more. Perfect. Let's go ahead now and let's do turbo dev here. And let's go and load our vidget component. A quick reminder, you go to dashboard clerk, go inside of your organizations here, find a functional organization ID, and add question mark organization ID with capital I and pass the organization inside. Perfect. 24 hours has passed since the last time I had this session. So I have to create a new one. So I'm going to call myself Antonio here. antonioacample.com. Perfect. Uh, let's go ahead and Oh, this is interesting. So, after I click continue, nothing happens. Looks like we have a bug here. Interesting. Let's see inside of my application. Uh, let me remove my old session here and try adding new one. And then if I refresh, what happens? So, it works then. Okay. But if I remove it completely and if I try Antonio example.com 1 2 3 oops I reversed the two it adds it to the session and when it when I refresh it obviously works but looks like there is some issue in my out screen inside of vidget out screen when I submit All we do is set the contact session ID. Yeah, we actually don't do anything. First of all, let's remove the test organization ID from the out screen. Second, let's add a setter set screen to be set atom value. Set atom. Use set atom like this. Uh screen atom. So, make sure you import screen atom. And let's just call set screen after that. Here do selection that was missing. Let me go ahead and just try and see if I fixed this issue when I refresh now. Let me try again. Continue. There we go. Small bug. Fixed it very easily. Let's go inside of start chat now. And what I want to do is I just want you to uh type out a bunch of messages, right? So, uh, feel free to interrupt the AI. It doesn't matter, right? We're just trying to make this a bit of a longer chat so that we can actually test out the infinite load. One problem that we have is that we can't really test it. I It just didn't occur to me until now. U, but if you can use your chat like you used until this point, everything should be okay. One indicator that this is working correctly is the fact that it's showing no more items at the top. The reason I'm saying we can't test this is because we don't really keep the option to select individual chats. You can see I can only start a new chat. Uh right. So, okay, we will test this in some other chapter, but I'm pretty sure this is working perfectly fine. Nothing complicated was added here. Basically, this infinite scroll trigger is the no more items text because it loads the very first message the moment you open the chat, right? Uh we will find some other opportunity to test this. Uh preferably in the next chapters when I implement the actual conversation list. So for now, just leave it like this. Even if you have a bug, it will be easier for you to debug by implementing the ne next chapter first. All right. So one more thing I want to do. I want to add the dice bear avatar here. In order to do that, we first have to add a logo to our app. So, you can find using the link on the screen my public folder and inside of here, uh, let me just update the repository and you will see the logo.svg. All right, just update the repo. So, public folder, logo.svg. So, where did I find this logo? So every single time in my projects I use this amazing website logo Ipsum. You can use the link on the screen to let them know you came from this video. Uh they are like the Lauram Ipsum of logos. Uh amazing amazing logos you can use in your demo applications or exercises like the one we are doing right now. So basically just choose the one you like. I found the one I like. Uh and let's go ahead and save it. And once you save logo.svg SVG. Let's go ahead and let's add it inside uh of apps vidget. And inside of here uh I think you're going to have to create a public folder. So inside of widget create public like that and then inside of here you're going to have to add logo.svg which you just downloaded. So drag and drop it, copy it, however you want to do it. Great. Once that's here, let's go ahead and let's implement the uh dicepare avatar component. So again, I'm going to do that inside of packages ui source components. Let's create dice bear avatar.tsx. Now we have to go ahead and install some packages here. So let's go ahead and do turbo. Whoops, my apologies. In the root of your app, pnpmf widget, let's add uh at dice bear forward slashcolction and at dice bear forward slashcore. So those two packages inside of your vidget application and then you can turbo dev again. Once you have that, let's go ahead and let's add use client in our dice bear avatar here. Let's go ahead and let's import glass from uh dicear. Whoops, I just told you to add it to vidget, didn't I? My apologies. All right, so we made a mistake. Let's see how to fix it. We added two incorrect packages to the incorrect app. So, select the package we just added and the same way we added them, we're going to remove them. PNPMF widget remove dice bear collection. So let's do them one by one. So first I'm going to remove dice bear collection here and then I'm going to remove dice bear c or because we don't need them in the widget component. So pnpm like that and that should reset your pnpm lock and basically everything. It's always safer to do this than to manually try and modify your locks, right? So now let's go ahead and do PNPMF UI and let's add dice bear collection and core into the UI package. And once we do that, let's go ahead and turbo our app again. So, turbo dev to make sure everything's running here. Now, we should have package JSON inside of packages UI modified. Let's go back inside of the dice bear avatar. We should no longer have any errors here. And now, let's import create avatar from dice bear core. Let's go ahead and let's import use memo from React. Let's import the avatar component from workspace UI components avatar. And let's import CN from workspace UI lib utils. Let's create an interface dice bear avatar props. We're going to have a required seed which is a string. Size which is an optional number. Class name which is an optional string. Badge class name which is an optional string. Image URL optional string. and badge image URL which is an optional string. So this will basically allow us to have a cool little effect uh where we have the avatar and in the corner of that user's avatar we're going to display the flag uh where they're writing from so we know where they're located. That's why we're adding the badge functionality as well. Let's export con dice bear avatar. Let's assign the props here and let's dstructure all of them. And let's set the size by default to be 32. Now, inside of here, the first thing we're going to do is we're going to create avatar source. We're going to call use memo here to memorize it. If we have image URL passed as the prop, we are simply going to use that image URL. It's kind of like an overwrite. Otherwise, we're going to create the avatar. So, this will be useful when we have many customers uh and we don't have access to their images. We could extract them from their emails, but then again, they never really verify that email. So, I'm not sure how much we should associate them with their email. And giving them an option to upload an image in a customer support chat is just weird. So, we're just going to use a simple avatar collection of this glass-like images, which we'll use the seed, which we are going to convert to lowerase here, and then trim it to make sure it's valid with the size to create a unique avatar for each of our customer. And we are not going to use any requests for that. So, this will create the SVG data URI. So, you won't need to do any network requests for this. Don't worry. Now let's calculate the badge size. So if uh we are basically going to round this number but basically we're going to take 50% of the avatar size like this. And then let's go ahead and let's return a div. Let's give this div class name relative inline block. Let's give it style, width, size, and height size. So they are the same because avatars are are circular in our they have the aspect one by one aspect ratio uh in our case. So let's go ahead and give the avatar component itself a class name of let's make it dynamic CN. We're going to add border and then class name like this. And then you can copy the style here and pass it as style inside. Let's add avatar image. Alt can be well it doesn't have to be anything. We can just say image and source will be avatar source. And then we're going to check if we have badge image URL. We're going to create a div that will render that badge image URL. Let's add class name here. Make it dynamic. So prepare CN here. Absolute right zero. Bottom zero. Flex items center. Justify center overflow hidden rounded full border to border background NBG background and pass in the badge class name. And now let's open the style attribute here. And inside we're going to pass whoops width and height to be the batch size which we used 50% of the avatar size from above and transform translate 15% 15%. This will basically put it like in the corner of the avatar so it will look nice. And then finally just a simple normal image element out can be it can be empty. Class name will be height full width full. Object cover. Height will be badge size. Source will be badge image. URL width will be badge size like this. Basically in the alt you would put what this uh image is representing. Right? So okay we can just say at least badge right? So it makes sense. This is the main image or avatar and this is badge. So it makes sense. All right. And that's for that's it for our dice bear avatar. Now let's go back inside of our widget chat screen. Uh and let's go ahead and let's use the dice bear avatar. So let's scroll down here to where we iterate over messages. And here we have to do add avatar component. So let's go ahead and let's check if message.roll roll is assistant. Let's go ahead and render a little image from them for them. So let's do dice bear avatar which we have to import. So let's just go ahead and quickly import it. I'm going to just add after above this scrolls from workspace UI components dice bear avatar. Let's go ahead and give it image URL of to be logo SVG like that and seed assistant and size will be 32. So now if you refresh here and go ahead and just open a chat. There we go. You will see that the logo of your app will be displayed here. But how will this look for the users? Well, you don't have to pass image URL, right? If we don't have anything to pass, we're just going to generate uh a random glass uh of them. And how will the badge look like? Well, you can pass the badge image URL to be logo SVG. And you will see that then they're going to have a small little badge at the bottom here, right? And maybe this is a cool idea for you to uh differentiate between your AI and your operators. So operators can have glass uh image avatar, but when it's a bot talking, it can have like a little uh image at the bottom. So whatever combination you want. I'm going to choose this one. And yes, we're only displaying it for assistant because it makes no sense for you to display your own little avatar here. It's just taking up space. Uh great. So that's what I wanted was to do here. Um we also fixed an important bug inside of our widget out screen. So we fixed this, this, this, and this. And now let's go ahead and deploy this to GitHub. So I'm just going to go ahead and add all of this. This was 15 infinite scroll. Let's commit. Let me go ahead and open a new branch. 15 infinite scroll. And let me publish the branch. And as always, let's go ahead and let's open this pull request and review it. Even though this one will be pretty quick simply because we didn't do anything important, just a few components to help us uh display the app better. And here we have the code rabbit summary to end the chapter. So we added infinite scrolling to the chat message list, allowing users to load more messages as they scroll. We introduced a new avatar component that displays a consistent assistant avatar next to relevant messages. We also added an UI trigger for loading additional content in infinite scroll context. And in here we have the diagram explaining how it happens. So when the user scrolls to the top of the message list in the vidget chat screen, the top element ref intersects the viewport inside of the use infinite scroll hook. That hook calls load more callback which then retrieves new messages and returns it basically. Excellent. So in here uh it looks like we left out image URL prop inside of avatar source. So that's something we have to fix. I'm going to do that in the next chapter, but for now we can go ahead and merge this pull request. Amazing job. So this it doesn't seem too useful what we did just now, but we're going to reuse these components in several places coming along. So that's why I wanted to have this chapter to do that. So we will come uh and use these components again and you will see how useful they are. Amazing job and see you in the next chapter. And of course after you do this make sure you go inside of your main and synchronize the changes. Almost forgot that. Don't want you to continue building something in an older branch. But even if you do, no problem. Just merge all of those changes together. Great. Amazing job. and see you in the next chapter. In this chapter, we're going to go ahead and implement the widget inbox so that we can look at all the previous conversations we had for an active session. Let's go ahead and start by adding conversations get many function. So, just make sure that you're on your main branch. As always, make sure you're not developing on any other branch. And let's go inside of packages backend convex public conversations. And in here let's go ahead and see what we have. So we have the create mutation and we have get one. I believe those are the only two we have. Now let's go ahead and let's add export const get many. This will be used to load our inbox component. So let's go ahead and prepare the handler and then we're going to go and add all the arguments needed. So the arguments needed to load uh conversations are the following. We need the current contact session ID and we need the pageionation options and thankfully convex provides that for us using convex server import. So just make sure that you have contact sessions here. We already [snorts] used it in the uh one below get one. So you can just copy it from there. Now, in here, we can get the context and the arguments. And let's go ahead and do what we usually do, and that's just confirm if the contact session is valid or not. So, I'm just going to copy this. And I'm going to paste it here. And I would like to call this just this, this. Let me just So, this this and this contact session just because I want to be very specific. I don't like when it's called session because this is literally the contact session table. So if I the contact session table is missing or if it expired, we are going to throw back the error. And now what we have to do is we have to fetch all conversations by this contact session. And if you take a look at our schema, our conversations table actually has an index to help us with that exact thing. So let's go ahead and fetch all conversations by using await context. database and let's query the conversations using with index and simply pass by contact session ID and then go ahead and grab the query here and let's do query equals contact session ID arguments contact session ID as simple as that let's order them by descending and let's pageionate them using arguments pageionation options and this will automatically add the cursor and everything else we need. And now again be careful. This is a public. You can see we are writing this inside of the public folder. Uh which means nothing by default. It's just the place where we chose to add functions which are available to anonymous users using our widget chat box. So remember conversations has context session ID, right? And even though we absolutely do know it at this point, still I would prefer if we don't return the entire object inside. And while we are here, it would also be a good idea to load the last message from each conversation because look at how this is supposed to look like, right? We are supposed to know what is the last message. Is it this? Is it result? Right? So we are supposed to know something and there are many ways we can capture the last message but the one we can do now is not exactly the greatest of uh ways but we are going to iterate over each of our conversation and find the last available message. So let's go ahead and do con conversations with last message await promise all. Inside of this promise all let's do conversations.page.map. Let's go ahead and open async conversation here like this. And let's do let last message by default will be a type of message document from convex dev agent. So just make sure you have imported message doc here like that or it will be null which is the default state. If you're worried about using async inside of map don't be. So yes, you can't just normally use async uh inside of map, but if you add it inside of promise all, it will work as intended. So now let's go ahead and do uh let's just con messages to be await support agent dot list messages context thread id conversation thread id pagionation options number of items will be one and cursor will be null because we only want the last message nothing more than And if messages dopage.length is larger than zero, let's assign the last message to be messages page first in the array or fall back to null. Perfect. And now uh let's go ahead and let's return individual items here. So return underscore id will be conversation id. Creation time is another conversation field that exists. So this creation time exists even if you don't add it in the schema. So convex internally keeps the creation time status conversation. status organization ID conversation organization ID thread ID conversation ththread ID and last message well just last message and there we go and now what we have to do is just find where this ends this promise all right here okay and let's return conversations entirely and then page page conversations with last message like this. Perfect. So that is our function that loads all conversations for this contact session ID and assigns the last message to each of those. So just you know some of you might have already noticed you know this isn't the most optimized way to fetch the last message. Yes, absolutely. So for those of you who uh didn't notice the problem with this is for each conversation we are adding additional requests right what are the alternative ways well in alternative we could have a separate request for all messages by passing the necessary conversation ids the problem is our messages appy at the moment works like this and this is the only uh elegant solution that I could find for the current state of our app and I believe for even when it grows a little bit, this solution will be okay. But if you get to a point where you have hundreds of thousands of these, you would probably have to look into optimizing this a little bit. Honestly, this should never really be a problem, especially in the public conversations because which which session which expires within 24 hours will have hundreds of thousands of conversations for a single organization. That's absurd, right? So I think in reality this should work just fine majority of time. So just wanted to give you a quick note about that. Some of you are probably aware of its uh time complexity here. Great. But now let's go ahead and actually use this. So what did we say we need to do next? Uh after this we said we have to do the vidget inbox screen component. So let's go ahead and create that. So, I'm going to go inside of my apps widget, inside of my modules widget, and let me go inside of UI inside of screens here. And I'm going to copy the error screen simply because it's the simplest one to adapt. So, widget inbox screen widget inbox screen. Let's remove the error message like that. And let's remove this inside and simply say inbox. Let's remove this. And let's remove this and the items centered thingy. There we go. Now let's go ahead and let's go inside of our widget view here. Let's find the inbox here and let's just do vidget inbox screen. Just make sure you have added the import for it. And now let's go inside of the selection screen again because right now we actually have no way of uh looking at this screen. So let me just do turbo dev. There is no way for us to manually go uh in the inbox screen. So as always localhost 3001 with a proper organization ID is required. You can see we don't really have the inbox button now. So that's because we are missing the vidget footer. So let's go inside of the vidget selection screen where I am right now and let's go let's see so vidget header ends here and then this div opens. So right here let's add vidget footer which is a self-closing component. You can import it from dot dot/components widget footer. And there we go. Now as you can see you can click here and that should take you to the inbox. Oh actually it doesn't do anything yet. So let's also enable the widget footer now. So let's go inside of this widget footer and let's go ahead and do const screen to be use atom value from yai screen atom and const set screen use set atom screen atom like this. So on click here set screen selection and this will check if screen is selection that's correct. This will check if screen is inbox and add text primary to it. And on click it will call a set screen inbox. As simple as that. Now let's try it out. So when I click here, there we go. We are in our new inbox. Uh the problem is we have to go back inside of the widget inbox screen which we are currently developing here. And let's immediately add the widget footer here like this. And now you can switch between the selection screen and the inbox component. Perfect. And now let's focus on the inbox component. So first let's modify the inbox screen header here. So inside of this header, we're just going to slightly modify it. So this div will be uh flex. And then let's just do items center and gap x of two. Then let's go ahead and remove the content inside. And let's add a button from workspace UI components button. Let's go ahead and give it arrow left icon from lucid react as I've added right here. Let's go ahead and give this uh a variant of transparent size of icon and on select whoops on click. Let's go ahead and let's call set screen. So const set screen use set atom screen atom. So make sure you you've added those two imports and let's call set screen. This will go back to selection like this. So now there we go. We should have a button to go back from there as well. And outside of here let's just add a paragraph inbox. There we go. I think it looks a bit nicer and gives us more space here. No need for the welcome message on the inbox, right? Welcome messages here for loading for out. But for this, you know, we need space. All right. So now let's go ahead and let's load our other atoms here. So I'm going to grab my organization ID using atom value. Organization ID atom. Then I'm going to get my contact session ID using atom value again. Contact session ID atom family and pass in the organization ID which I have to capitalize properly or empty string. Still don't like this solution but it's okayish for now. And then let's go ahead and let's fetch our conversations. use pageionated query from convex react. Let's go ahead and pass in API public convers Whoops, I didn't import API. So API from workspace backend generated API public conversations and this should be get many and then we have to check do we have the contact session ID if we have it let's go ahead and let's add contact session ID to be well the very same otherwise we skip this query and then in the third argument here let's set the initial number of items to be 10. There we go. Now we have our conversations. And then inside of here, we can already do the following. We should be able to JSON stringify conversations. And now there we go. You can see all of my previous conversations. And you can also see that some messages are visible in here. Basically, the last message for each of them. So now let's create the components to properly display them. So let's first see do we have to modify something in the container flex this is flex one flex column uh let's change this to be gap y2 like that and overflow y auto like so. Then inside of here we're going to iterate over them. So conversations question mark results length is larger than zero. And then let's do conversations dot results dom. And let's get the individual conversation in here. Let me just find a way to close this. In here, we're going to render a button like this. And looks like there are no errors here. I'm not sure, do I need Okay, so this can still be undefined at this point. So, let's add a question mark here. And let's add a class name to this button to be height 20, full width, and justify between. Key will be conversation ID. on click here. We're going to set screen to chat and we also need to call con set conversation ID use set atom conversation ID atom. So make sure you have imported conversation ID item and the only one we don't need is the error message atom here. So now we can set the conversation ID atom here and let's do it first. Conversation ID like this. Perfect. Then now we can select previous conversations. Let's give this button a variant of outline. And let's create a div here with a class name flex full width flex column gap for overflow hidden text start. Then inside another div with a class name flex full width items center justify between and gap x2. Inside let's add a paragraph which says chat and the class name text muted foreground and text extra small. Let's copy and paste that again. And in here we're going to do format distance to now uh which we don't have the package for. So let's quickly do pnvpmf vidget day uh add date fns. So in our vidget component we need that. All right. Turbo dev once again. So format distance to now which you can import from date fns. So let's just do that from date FNS and let me remove the unused icon here. And inside of the format distance to now we're going to call new date conversation creation time. Let's refresh this briefly and let's go inside of the inbox again. There we go. Chat about 1 hour ago. About 2 hours ago. Two hours ago. Perfect. So now let's go outside of this div. Let's open a new one with a class name flex full width item center justify. Okay, I can't write justify. There we go. So justify between and gap x2 and inside let's add a paragraph conversation dot last message question mark.ext and give this a class name of truncate and text small. Let's see how this looks so far. There we go. Pretty good. And you can see how the truncate looks like. It will basically not allow this to overflow. And now we can select from previous chats as you can see. Right? So if I go ahead and click uh this one. There we go. You can see. And now you actually saw the infinite load in action. I'm not sure if you noticed. Uh great. So let's go ahead and add one more thing here uh which is this this little icon which indicates what is the status uh of this current conversation. So in order to do that, we need to develop a new component called conversation status icon. So let's go inside of packages UI source. Let's go inside of components and let's create conversation status icon.tsx and let's import all the icons we are going to need. Right, arrow right arrow up and check icon. Then let's import our CN util. And then let's create the interface conversation status props which accepts one prop status and it can be unresolved, escalated or resolved. And basically you get those values from your schema. So make sure that they match this. If you want to you can actually import doc from let's see workspace backend. Oh yes, but we don't have backend added to the packages UI. So I think it's just simpler to do this rather than risk some weird linking here by PNPM and monor repo. Uh so just make sure it matches right like this. Then let's do con status config like a little factory map. So if it's resolved, we're going to have the icon check icon and we're going to have the BG color to be background. And let's do three 3FB 6 tof just some green color that I like. And then let's do the same thing for the other two statuses. So for unresolved we're going to be using arrow right icon and background destructive. And for escalated, we're going to be using arrow up icon with VG color BG yellow 500. And let's go ahead and let's add as constant here. Const. I'm being super inconsistent here. Here I'm using the hex code. Here I'm using a variable. And here I'm using tailwind. So feel free to standardize this if you want. I just really like this green for some reason. Okay. Now let's export const conversation status icon. And in here, let's add conversation status icon props. Let's dstructure that status. And inside of here, let's simply return a div with a class name CN flex items center justify center rounded full padding 1.5 config background color. And I didn't define the config. So const config is going to be status config status and const icon will be config icon like this. All right. And inside let's just render the icon. So make sure it's icon with a capital I. And let's do class name size three stroke three text white. There we go. Now we can go back inside of our widget inbox screen and after this paragraph let's add the conversation status icon component and give it a status of conversation status. Let's go ahead and import conversation status icon. So, import conversation status icon from workspace UI source. Whoops. Components conversation status icon. And you can see I have no errors in this file, which means that the conversation status matches exactly the types that I defined in this component, which means that now all of them look like this. Uh, great. Except I don't really like it. Something is uh weird. Let's see what did I forget to do here. So, this should be a little bit bigger. As you can see on my screen here, they are uh a little bit bigger. So, maybe I have a typo. Maybe I did something incorrectly. Let's go inside of the conversation status icon and let's see. Uh, did I forget to do something? So, size three, stroke three, text white, flex item center, justify center, rounded full padding 1.5. uh in the vidget inbox screen truncate text small. What if I added class name here which is not accepted. So we could add it here. I have an idea. Class name optional string. Let's grab the class name here. No idea why this worked for me but not for you. Let's add that class name here then. And how about I add shrink zero here. Uh, okay. That does not seem to be fixing this problem. Uh, okay. Conversation status icon padding 1.5. H. Okay. Let [clears throat] me just debug a little bit. All right. So, not 100% sure why it's behaving this way. You can try adding like padding two and then it seems to work. But if I you can see padding 2 is equal to 8 pixels which means that if I add seven pixels it should be just slightly smaller but you can see it's visibly smaller. So why let's just try like size five instead of padding. That seems to be okay combined with our shrink zero. I think this is okay. Let me just see. Yeah seems to be have okay. Let's leave it like that for now. Um great. And now uh we can actually test out the um the infinite scroll from the previous chapter because we we didn't have the chance to do it. So find the conversation where you have a lot of messages. You can see how by default all of them are loaded, right? So let's go ahead and go inside of our widget chat screen here and find the use thread messages. Change the initial number of items to five. use infinite scroll. Change this to 52. And let's just add observer enabled false. And then let's go ahead and refresh this and head into that uh conversation again. And you will see that by default it will only load five messages. And you have to click to load more. And then it will load five more and then five more and then five more until it reaches no more items. So that's how it works and that's how you can prove it works. You can now increase the number to 10 and we remove the observer enabled false. And now that entire thing will happen but by but automatically you can see it automatically reaches the top if you are at the top. Great. Now that we know how our use infinite scroll works and we've just tested it within individual conversations, let's do the same for the inbox. Right? because this inbox already has pagionation added thanks to Convex's pagionation opts validator. So let's go ahead and quickly do that. So I'm going to go ahead inside of my we can actually copy this. This is handy from the widget chat screen. Go inside of widget inbox screen and after we load the conversations simply add that hook like this. So use infinite scroll and let's import it. Make sure you have added the import. And let's also import infinite scroll trigger. Instead of messages, this will be conversations. Just like that. And now this instead of rendering the infinite scroll trigger at the top like we did in the messages in here, we have to render it at the bottom. Right? So after this ends infinite scroll trigger like this and we can just pass all the props that we have can load more is loading more onload more which is handle load more and ref which is top element ref all of these extracted from the use infinite scroll and to test this let's change this to load only two both in the pageionated query here and the use infinite scroll and add observer enabled to be false. Then let's go ahead and refresh. Let's go inside of here. And by default, only two conversations are loaded until you click load more and then two more and then two more until it reaches the end. So it works here as well. And you can see that if you change this to true then and refresh then and click here, it will automatically do that as long as this is visible. Right? So only when it reaches all the way down there, uh, it's going to be considered no longer visible and it won't load automatically. So now we can remove this, change the two to 10. It was that easy for us to add infinite scroll. That's why I wanted us to develop those components. You can see how useful they are. Perfect. So we can now revisit our previous chats. We can start new chats. And let's go ahead and do checkpoint. Let's go back. Let's go here. And there we So you can see at the top this is the checkpoint one we created. Perfect. Amazing. Amazing job. Let's see if that was the goal. So we created the vidget inbox screen. We created the conversation status icon component. That's it. Perfect. So 16 vidget inbox. Let's go ahead and let's merge this. I just remembered I think there is one thing inside of our dice bear avatar component from the last time. avatar source doesn't have the image URL dependency array. So let's just add it here. That was the code code rabbit's review suggestion from the previous chapter. So just do that as well. Perfect. So I'm going to go ahead and stage all of my changes. 16 widget inbox. That's it. And then I'm going to create a new branch 16 widget inbox. And I'm going to click publish branch. And as always, let's go ahead and let's review this pull request. Fairly simple one, but still you can see how useful it is. Code Rabbit always manages to find something that we missed. And here we have the summary. We introduced an inbox screen for the vidget allowing users to view and scroll through their conversations with support agents. We added conversation status icons for clearer visual feedback on the conversation states. We implemented the infinite scrolling for the inbox conversation lists. And conversations now display the most recent message and relative creation time. Exactly what we did. And here's the bug fix. Avatar images now update correctly when the image URL changes. So that was the bug from the previous chapter. And I can't even believe it, but we did a perfect BR. No comments from Code Rabbit. We did a very good job and well, fair enough. It was a very simple PR. So, let's go ahead and merge these changes. Once you've merged them, make sure that you go back to your main branch here and synchronize the changes. So, everything is up to date. And once you've synchronized your changes, as always, just double check your graph looks like mine like this. You can see how many uh things we did so far. And every single time we check out, we merge. We check out, we merge. Just like that. And just a periodic reminder, just try turbo build, you know, no matter if it fails or succeeds, just so you are aware, is everything going well or are things starting to fail. Uh just so you have some sense of how many things you're going to have to fix before uh you go into deploying this app. But you can see mine is building just fine. So, uh, even if you have some issues, there are most likely super simple type errors or lint errors which you can fix just by reading the description. Uh, great. I believe that marks the end of this chapter. So, let's go ahead and see you in the next one. Amazing, amazing job. In this chapter, we're going to create the dashboard inbox. This will be quite similar as to our previous chapter vidget inbox, but this will be used to display conversations for that specific organization on the operator side. So in the previous chapter, we made it so that the user who is attempting to contact support can see all of their previous conversations. And now we're going to create this on the dashboard side. the operator will be able to see all the conversations made for asking for support. So let's start by building the conversations layout first. And let's go ahead and do turbo dev and let's go ahead and change this time to go to localhost 3000 basically our webdev task because this is our uh dashboard. And the reason I'm telling you to open this is simply because we got so used to working with the widget. So in case you didn't forget, this is actually our main uh dashboard, right? So we are now going to be developing the conversations part right here. So we already have the conversations page if I'm correct. If I click here, we have empty conversations. Perfect. And now what we're going to do is we're going to go inside of apps inside of web modules and let's go inside of dashboard here and let's go inside of layouts. And in here I'm going to create conversations. Whoops. Conversations layout. The conversations layout will have all the imports from workspace UI components resizable. So handle panel and panel group. And let's go ahead and create export const conversations layout. And in here let's define the props. So they are only going to be children. so we can destructure them. There we go. And let's go ahead and let's return resizable panel group. Let's give this a class name of full height. Whoops. Height 8 full flex one. And direction will be horizontal. Inside, let's add a resizable panel. Let's give it a default size of 30, maximum size of 30, and a minimum size of 20. And inside, let's go ahead and simply render conversations and just conversations. That's it. Uh, outside, let's add the resizable handle, which is a self-closing tag. And then let's open another resizable panel here. And in here, we're actually going to render the children. And let's give this a class name of heightful. and a default size of 70 just like this. Now that you have this set up, let's go ahead and let's actually render this layout. So we have to go inside of our web app dashboard route group inside of conversations. Go ahead and add layout. It's a reserved file name just like page. So make sure you don't misspell it. Let's import conversations layout from modules dashboard UI layouts. And in here, let's go ahead and render it. So we what we can do here is we can just copy this thing. So we don't have to repeat it again. And let's go ahead and name this just normal layout and export default layout. And inside of here, we are just going to return the conversations layout. and children inside. That's it. So now when you refresh here, you will see that you have this. And you will be able, as you can see, to resize this. So this is where we're going to render all of our items here. And it seems like every single time I close this, it closes itself. Not sure why because I think inside of dashboard layout, we did have a cookie here. So weird that that happens but okay it's not too much trouble but I will research as to why this is happening but let's focus on the conversations now um so the problem is well there isn't a problem basically this is where we are going to develop this so how about we start with this little filter status uh at the top so inside of the conversations layout um we're actually going to render inside of this paragraph a component called conversations panel. So conversations panel is going to be a self-closing tag and we're going to put it inside of components here. So conversation conversations panel and the conversations panel, let's just export it like this, is going to be the following. Let's go ahead and add a div. Let's go ahead and add a class name with the following class names. Flex full height full width flex column BG background text sidebar foreground. Inside of this div, let's add another div with a class name flex flex column gap 3.5 border bottom and padding of two. And now we have to import all components from workspace select. So select content item trigger and value from workspace UI components select. And once you have those, you can go ahead and build the filter. So let's go ahead and add the select component here. And let's give it some attributes. The default value is going to be all. on value change for now will just be an empty arrow function and value for now can be all inside of select let's go ahead and let's add select trigger and let's give it a class name height 8 border none px 1.5 shadow none ring zero hover bg accent hover text accent foreground focus visible ring zero. Instead of the select trigger, add the select value, which is a self-closing tag, and give it a placeholder of filter. Outside of the trigger, add the select content. Inside, add a select item. And now, let's go ahead and give this a value of all. And inside let's add a div and a class name flex items center and gap 2. And inside of here let's add a list icon from lucid react. Let's go ahead and give it a class name size four and let's add a span with text all. So just make sure you have imported list icon. And while we are here, how about we add all the other icons we're going to need. So, arrow right icon, arrow up icon, check icon, corner up left icon. These are all we're going to need for now. And now, basically, what we ought to do is just copy and paste this a few times, but I don't want to do that before we actually render the conversations panel. So let's go back inside of the conversations layout which is in the layouts folder and let's just import our newly created panel from the parenting from the sibling components. All right. So the problem is this has to be a client component. So let's go inside of the conversations panel and let's mark it as use client. And that should fix the issue. There we go. And now you have a little select button here. So that's how it's going to look like. Now let's go ahead and let's addit some more values because right now we only have all. So I'm going to copy this select item and the next one will be unresolved. Let's use the arrow right icon and the text unresolved. Then let's go ahead and duplicate this again. And let's call this escalated. escalated and this will be arrow up icon. Let's duplicate this again and this will be the last one which is resolved and let's give this check icon. So now you should have all unresolved, escalated and resolved. Great. So now that we have that, let's go ahead and let's build the scroll area which is going to display our conversations. So that's going to happen right outside of this div here. So let's add scroll area from workspace UI components. Scroll area. Make sure you add that import. And let's give this a class name. Maximum height calculate 100 VH minus 53 pixels. Make sure to not add any space here. So when you hover over it, it should display this. If it's not displaying anything when you hover, uh, make sure you have the Tailwind CSS extension. It will help you a lot when writing Tailwind. So how do I know minus 53 pixels? Well, basically I want the scroll to start if we fill up this container. But the problem is you can see that this is 53 pixels high, right? So basically I just used inspect element. I found out it's 53 pixels height and it's fixed. It doesn't change its height. So I'm just reducing uh that part because it doesn't know it's there. So now inside of here, let's add div class name flex full width flex one flex column and text small. And now inside of here we have to render our conversations. But in order to render the conversations, we first have to develop the API to fetch them. And we already have something quite similar, right? inside of our packages back in convex in the public folder we have conversations. So let's copy them entirely and let's go inside of convex and create a new folder called private this time. So inside of private is what I'm going to well be building private API routes something that should only be accessible for operators people who are logged in people who I know that they have in their clerk session the organization and things like that. So a much more secure API routes and also more powerful API routes because these will be able to delete things, mark them as resolved, escalate them, those kinds of things, right? So I want to make sure that I hel that I store them in a different folder as compared to the public folder. And this way I know okay so all of these are kind of public. I should be careful with them. So in here for example I have to be careful with what I return. Remember I can't just return the entire thing. I have to pick and choose what I return. Same with get one here. Well, in private, I won't have to worry about that because the user here is actually logged in. They have a password. They have an email. They have Gmail account, things like that. So, let's go inside of private conversations which we just copied here. And let's focus on the get many. So, in we are no longer going to have the contact session ID. That's no longer needed because the user is actually logged in now. But what we will have now is the status which will be optional and the union of three literals unresolved, escalated and resolved. Basically the exact same thing as our schema. Make sure they match. And it's the exact same thing we will allow the user to filter by from here. So that's what it's referring to. So how do we validate inside of this now that we don't have contact session ID? Well, just by using normal authentication with convex and clerk using the context. So you can get the identity by awaiting context out get user identity and then if there is no or if identity is specifically null throw new convex error here code unauthorized message um but whatever you want identity not found just like that and now while we are Here we can also extract the organization ID. So uh how do you get the organization ID? Let's just double check that we actually have this. So head to your clerk dashboard and in here go inside of configure and go inside of JVT templates here. Select the convex template which we created in the beginning. So clerk works with convex. And in here, yeah, uh you can see that we have organization ID. If you don't have organization ID, I think we did this together. I'm 99% sure we did this together, but just in case you somehow missed it, uh it doesn't come uh by default here, right? So basically you have to add like a new field and you have to call it something and then you go ahead and choose organization organization ID and you click save and then that will be stored in something and then in your code you will be able to access identity do something right so just do that for organization ID if you don't have it all right I'm just going to reset these changes I don't need them make sure you have organization ID here that's the important thing great. So now we can do this and then we can go ahead and copy this again if there is no organization ID basically. Let's go ahead and throw unauthorized again. Organization not found. Great. And now we can go ahead and load the conversations. But let's do it a little bit differently. So let's define the conversations constant here. And let's give it a type of uh pageionation result from convex server. Then document from generated data model and conversations. So let me show you those imports. Document is imported from generated data model and pagenation result type from convex server. Great. So now we have our conversations here already. And I'm going to remove this simply because uh well it's honestly easier to just build it from scratch. Let me return everything here. Let's go ahead now and let's check if we have arguments status. So if we passed the status in that case conversations will be the following await context. database query conversations with index by status and organization ID. So that's why we have to do it this way to make it actually more optimized because we added an index called by status and organization ID. So this will be u unbelievably faster than if you were to actually filter by status. So basically just a small lesson in using convex the correct way. You could absolutely not use the index. You can just do uh filter here and then request the query query dot equals and then I'm not even sure what's the API. But if you can use the index, use the index. it is the correct and the faster way to do it. So let's go ahead here and let's pass the query and let's check if query do equals two things. So the first thing we're going to check if it equals is if status equals arguments status and it needs to be a type of unresolved. Let's just not misspell this. unresolved or escalated or resolved. And that's how you won't get the error. Basically, make sure you are not misspelling it and that it's the same thing as this. Maybe even the same order as this. And actually, you can also do as doc conversations status. Yeah, that works too. And it's even more precise. And let's add another equals here. Organization ID matches the organization ID from the user's session. So we know that the user actually has permission to load this uh conversations. Let's order by descending. And let's also pageionate this using arguments pagionation options. There we go. And let's also develop else which will basically be a simpler query. So conversations again await context database query conversations. But this time we're using a simpler index just using by organization ID. So uh if you want to you can explore if you can somehow conditionally choose between indexes. But honestly this isn't you know too complicated just an if else. It's fine this way if you ask me. Let's do a query equals organization ID and let's pass in the org ID and then we can just copy the order and the pageionate. Let's just chain them. And there we go. Uh and now what I want to do is I want to develop const conversations with additional data. So what do we need to add here? Well, basically similarly as to our conversations.ts inside of public where we had to let me just find get many. Similar to this where we had to add last message, we're going to do the same thing here. But also I want to populate uh the contact session information because remember in my schema each conversation has its equivalent contact session. So, we're going to now load the equivalent contact session, populate it, like give it the username or the email, right? Whatever information we have about that contact session so that we can display it in a nicer way. Because think about it, in order to display their their country of origin and their name, we need to load that conversation ID from the conversation table that we have it. So, let's go ahead and do that. Now back inside of conversations. Make sure you are developing this in the private folder here and let's go ahead and do conversations.page.m mapap. Let's go ahead and mark this as an asynchronous method and let's get the individual conversation here. Now inside of here we're going to do the following thing. First let's do last message thing which will be a type of message. Whoops. Message doc or null. So I'm pretty sure this is the exact same code code that we have here. And now let's also prepare the contact session here to be await context dot database.get conversation dot contact session ID. Now if there is no contact session found we can just return no and we don't even have to fetch the last message or anything because this is a completely invalid conversation. If we can't find the equivalent convers contact session ID uh we can't even display this. So this is kind of like us building an inner join. If you're familiar with SQL this would be the inner join. We are only loading conversations which have their contact session ID relation and their last message relation. we are not loading any other ones. So right now we are technically kind of loading them but we are breaking that by returning null and then we'll filter it out later. So if there's no contact session return null similar to the inner join and then let's check the following. So const messages will be await support agent.list messages pass in the context thread id conversation thread id pagionation options same thing as in the public one. So number of items one cursor null that will load the last message. So if messages page length is larger than zero it means there is a message that we found. Let's assign the last message to be messages.page first page or fallback to null. And that is uh I believe last message solved. So now from here we can go ahead and return conversation and let's just populate the last message and the contact session like this uh not contact session ID we should have the contact session entirely. So this variable that's what we are doing. Perfect. Now that we have this let's go ahead and filter out any null uh null values. So after this promise all let's do const valid conversations conversations with additional data filter. Let's go ahead and get individual conversation and let's give it a check. So con is non nullable type of con conver isn't null like this and then we can safely return the conversations here. and page valid conversations just like that. Perfect. So, I actually want to delete get one from here simply because it doesn't belong and create won't even exist from the private one. At least for my needs. My dashboard doesn't need to be able to create conversations, right? So, only get many is the one I need from here. So, we can remove this. We can remove components. And for now, we can remove the mutation. Maybe we will need it later. Excellent. Now that we have this, let's go ahead and let's add this to our conversations panel. So, I'm going to go inside of conversations panel. And now let's go ahead and let's go up here and let's do const conversations use pageinated query from convex react and in here pass API private. Oops, I have to import API from workspace backend generated API. And now let's go ahead and you can see how now we have private conversations.get manage. In case you don't have it, always double check that your workspace backend has successful functions. If there's an error here, it will probably be very descriptive and you will just have to go back in here and fix whatever is the error and save the file until it works. If it's very stubborn, maybe just try restarting the uh turbo dev thingy. All right, so now that we have pagenated query here, let's go ahead and check if we want to pass in any arguments. So for example, for status, let's go ahead and just pass um well, if we pass undefined, that will basically be served as all of them because inside of our private, you can see that arguments. status is completely optional. You don't have to pass it. And if there is no argument status, we're just going to use this an index that loads all of them regardless of the status. And let's go ahead and pass the initial number of items to be 10. Perfect. So now we have our conversations. And now if you want to inside of here, let's go ahead and JSON stringify the conversations. And there we go. [clears throat] All of our conversations here. Great. So now let's go ahead uh and let's actually display them in a nice way. So inside of here we're going to do conversations dom apologies results dom get the individual conversation and let's go ahead and define some variables first. So let's check if the last message we received is from us or from the user. So is last message from operator. That is us. That is the person looking at the dashboard. We're simply going to check the following. If conversation last message question mark message question mark ro is not equal to user. And then let's go ahead and let's attempt to extract the country this user is from. So the way we can do this is by using get country. Oops. Get country from time zone. There are of course a billion ways you can do this but this is just one of them that that I found. Basically if you remember in our schema in the contact sessions metadata uh we take in the time zone. So I found a little uh npm package that can transform that into uh the country. So let's go ahead and install that package. So pnpm let's filter into our dashboard because that's the only place we're going to need this. So dashboard and let's go ahead and simply add countries and time zones. Uh no project matched in the filters. Uh, that's interesting. Okay, my apologies. Web, not dashboard. Yes, my apologies. We We Why web? Well, because apps web, that's why. Okay, so now that we have this, let's go ahead and actually create this util inside of the web app. Let's go inside of lib here. Let's go ahead and create country utils.ts. Let's import all as city from countries and time zones which we just installed. And let's export function uh get country from time zone. Let's go ahead and accept the string here. If there is no time zone, well, we can't return anything. So, let's just early return. Otherwise, let's get the time zone info by using city get time zone time zone. If there is no time zone info question mark countries.length length meaning if this array is empty also nothing we can do break early then let's do country code here time zone info dot countries first in the array con country city get country and let's pass in the country code as string and let's go ahead and return the code country code and name, country, whoops, name or country code. There we go. So that's our simple get country from time zone util. Uh let's go ahead and import this from lib utils. So make sure you've added it. So yes, we developed it inside of apps web and then in here in the lib folder. And now inside of here, we're going to go ahead and pass conversation dot contact session dot metadata, which is completely optional. So, time zone like this. Uh, and then let's do con country flag URL. For now, let's just use logo SVG even though we don't have it here. So let's quickly prepare that because we are going to need it. Instead of apps web, go ahead and open the public folder. Quickly go inside of widget public, copy logo.svg from here and then add it in web right here in the public. There probably is a way to share this across all apps. Maybe by using the packages UI public maybe in the source. Let's see. I don't know. Maybe there is a way to do it, but this is not complicated. It works. It's fine. All right. So now, oops. Now I'm just using logo SVG. We will develop the way to get the country uh later. But let's finally go ahead and let's return something here. Let's go ahead and import link from next link. So just make sure you've added link from next link. Make sure you didn't accidentally import from lucid icons because that can happen. The href is actually going to be forward slash conversations and then conversation ID. So whenever user clicks on one of these, that's where it's going to redirect. Now let's go ahead and let's add the key to be conversation ID as well. Let's make the class name CN. So we're going to have to import 