 try and find a screenshot of that happening and post it here so that you can recognize it if that's something that you are getting. And if you are getting it, they have a guide on how to resolve this. So you have to go inside of their documentation Nex.js, js. Click on troubleshooting here and find PNPM resolving import in the middle external package errors. So when using PNPM you might encounter errors related to packages that can't be external particularly packages like import in the middle and require in the middle. So it is because PNPM's strict dependency management and hoisting behavior. Now there are a couple of ways you can fix it. One way that I fixed it immediately in my previous project was by adding these two inside of my npm npmrc file. So this is what you would do. You would go inside of npmrc and you would paste those two here. And after that what I did was I simply run pnpm install in the root of my application. And you will be asked if you want to uh restart node modules from scratch. So in here I selected true. So let's see what happens. Now I'm purposely doing this just in case some of you are having this issue because I was able to get that problem. So let's go ahead and try again. Does turbo dev work? Now uh math is obviously working dev is working. Web is working. Backend is working. Perfect. Let's try turbo build just to confirm. Three successful. Looks like everything works just fine. Amazing. Amazing job. So obviously I'm going to keep an eye on this if it happens and keep you uh alerted in case you are having some errors. Always make sure to watch a little bit more of my tutorial because sometimes I fix errors from previous chapters in the next chapter, right? So don't worry, I will keep an eye on everything here and test it as much as I can to make sure you and I are seeing the same thing in our consoles here. Amazing amazing job. So we just developed uh error tracking by connecting convex to sentry. Now let's go ahead and commit these changes here. So I'm going to go ahead and add all of these changes. I'm going to call this 05 I believe error tracking like so. I'm going to click commit. I'm going to click on main down here. Create a new branch. 05 error tracking like that. And I'm going to publish this branch. And then I'm going to go ahead inside of my Echo tutorial repository here and I'm going to open a new pull request. Let's go ahead and review in case we have some serious issues, but I think it's mostly going to be okay. And here we have the summary by code rabbit. So we introduced century error monitoring and performance tracking across the application including both server and client environments. And of course, we added this dedicated page for testing Sentry and we added a backend API endpoint. We didn't do this manually. The uh Sentry vizard did this for us just in case you're confused. Uh we removed the display of the user list because it was uh it was interfering with our work at the moment. In here, as always, we have a file by file change, but we don't really have to review most of this because uh Sentry Wizard added it like this. So I don't really know if we should move this or not. So yes, it is adding comments for this sentry example API which we're going to remove in the next chapter. So really no need to fix something that was just used as an example here. But obviously all correct comments from code rabbit here. And in here it's suggesting uh changing the traces sample rate. Not so sure about that. I'm going to have to explore about it to see if this is a true statement or not. But again, the sentry wizard set it up like this. So, I'm going to leave it like this. Let's go ahead and merge this pull request. And after you have merged it, let's go ahead and go inside of error tracking here. Let's click back on main and let's click this button right here to synchronize our changes. Just like that. There we go. And then click on graph here. and confirm that you have detached in05 error tracking and then merged it back here. Amazing, amazing job. I believe that marks the end of this chapter as well. Amazing job and see you in the next chapter. In this chapter, we're going to learn how to build an AI voice assistant using Vapi. More specifically, we're going to build a bank customer support agent that will be able to verify our account using the last four digits of our phone number and then give us back our bank balance. We're going to test this agent first using the Vapi dashboard and then using the client SDK for our Nex.js application. And after we finish that, I'm going to briefly explain how VAPI's API work and our multi-tenant needs. I'm going to try to explain how we're going to white label VPI API, allowing our customers to bring their own API keys, making our app that much more flexible because every single customer will be able to configure VPY the exact way you're going to see we will be doing it now. And that is an amazing feature of this B2B software as a service. So let's start by creating a VPI account. You can use the link on the screen to let them know you came from this video. After that, let's go ahead and create an account and head to our dashboard. Once you land in your dashboard, in the upper right corner, you will find the documentation button. in here on the left side in the sidebar, click on the Vapi guides. I highly recommend that after you finish this chapter, you try doing one of these on your own to get more familiar with VPY because this will explain to you all the things that your customers will be able to do thanks to the white label method that we are going to be doing for now. We're going to build one of these together, specifically the inbound support. We're going to be building a banking support agent with function tools and knowledge bases. So, let's go ahead and first download the knowledge base using the spreadsheets. If you cannot find them for whatever reason, using the link on the screen, you can access my public repository echo assets and in here find the VP folder and you can find the same spreadsheets here as well as all the prompts and descriptions needed for this guide. So now let's go ahead and upload these files to our Vappy dashboard. So head to the files in the sidebar. You can see that I already added them. Make sure you have them as well. After that, let's go ahead and create an assistant and call it Tom. So, head into your assistance, create an assistant, call it Tom, and select blank template. Once you have created your assistant, you're going to have to modify the first message and the system prompt. You can find both of them inside of my public assets folder. first message, system prompt, or simply follow the documentation along. I'm going to modify the first message here. And I'm going to modify the system prompt. Just like that. After that, if you want to, you can also configure the LLM settings to choose a different model, but I'm fine with this. So, I'm going to click publish. Once you've done that, let's go ahead and let's add tools to our assistant. So head into tools and click create tool. Select query. Once you've created this new tool, let's go ahead and rename it to get balance. Let's go ahead and paste the function description here. And let's go ahead and click add knowledge base. Let's go ahead and call it accounts. Let's give it a description of use this to retrieve account information. Let's go ahead and select the files accounts and go ahead and click save. After that, let's create get recent transactions tool. Again, a query tool. Let's go ahead and give it a description. After that, let's add two knowledge bases. First one will be access to the accounts just as in the previous one with the same description and same files. Then add another knowledge base transactions. Let's go ahead and give it the description and let's select transactions and let's click save. Let's go ahead and create our last tool which will be called lookup account. Let's rename it to lookup account. Let's give it a description. And let's go ahead and add a knowledgebased accounts. And just as in the previous examples, let's add a description. And let's select accounts. and let's click save. After you have added those three tools, let's go ahead and add them to our assistance. So head into assistance, select Tom, scroll down until you find tools, and go ahead and select lookup account, get recent transactions, and get balance, and hit publish. After you've done this, you are ready to test your assistant. You can do that using the talk to the assistant method. I would highly suggest that for the first run, you try the following. In the first question, ask it to verify your account. After it asks you to provide the last four digits of your phone number, respond with 1 2 3 4. Why that number? Well, if you take a look into our accounts.csv, you can see that that is the only available account. So that's how the lookup function, the lookup tool will be successful only if you pass the proper account here. And then when it asks you what do you want help with, I highly suggest asking it to get balance. I've had it fail a few times with recent transactions, which highly depends on what model you select and what CSV file you have added. So, for best results, I highly suggest asking it to get your balance. I'm now going to click talk to assistant and I'm going to pause the video after each checkpoint. So, after I have clicked on start call, I first had to allow access to my microphone and then I asked Tom to verify my account. After that I told it one two three four and after that my account was successfully looked up and now I have to ask a question again but that is only true for this test call not in the actual call. You can see that after I have asked to give my balance again it shows me that it ran a tool. So now I have to ask again and it will print out the balance. This will not happen in a real example. And there we go. So every time that it activates a tool, you're going to have to ask it the question again. Again, this only happens in this testing mode, not in the real mode where your customers will talk with this AI. Uh you saw it in the demo how well it works. So after I asked it what is my balance, it basically told me the exact balance that I have inside here. So I highly suggest that when doing testing, you test using this script. Hey Tom, can you verify my account? One, two, three, four. And then can you give me my balance? Perfect. Uh, amazing. So, what did we just achieve? We achieved a very very simple uh VPI assistant. But as you saw in their guide here, in their guides, they have much more complex uh workflows here. You can do appointment scheduling. You can do medical triage and scheduling and all of these things. As you can see, you can do no code drag and drop things with nodes and all of those things. You can see they have much more complex examples and I highly recommend that you play around and try and create one of them on your own so you see the true power of VPY. And this is what each of our customer will be able to do. Right? So we are not going to limit them by just wrapping uh just being a wrapper around VPY. Instead, we're going to be a white label provider so that whatever customer knows how to use Vapi like we just learned to do, we're just going to give our app API keys and that will automatically pull all assistant IDs like Tom who we just created and all phone numbers. So, phone numbers is something that we haven't done yet. So, let's just quickly do that. Uh, head into your phone numbers here. You can see I already have one because I just tested this a second ago. You will probably have none. So, just click create a phone number. And the trick is right now they only allow US phone numbers. You can still create them outside of US but you can probably only call them if you are in the US otherwise uh you will have high costs. I don't know what is the area code for the US. So I will just use whatever one they recommend. Let's try 928. There we go. And then simply call this Tom Vapi Bank hotline. Something like that. And select your assistant to be Tom. So this is what your customers will be able to do. They will be able to create phone numbers, workflows, tools, files, assistance, all of those things on their own using VPY. And we are going to tell them, great, just give me your API keys and I'm going to fetch all of those and display them in your dashboard. and you will tell me which one which assistant you want to use and which phone number you want to use and I'm going to display them in the customerf facing widget on your website. So that is how this is going to work. I think that's a super cool feature and something we've never done on this channel before, bringing this app even closer to enterprisegrade software. So, let's go ahead now and test out this voice agent the same way we just did using the Vappy dashboard, but let's do it inside of our NextJS application. So, we're not going to do this inside of our web app. We're going to do this inside of our Vidget app because this is where customers will be able to talk to AI assistants and AI chat. So let's go ahead and do PNPM filter widget add at vapy- aai forward slash web. So this will now install that package specifically in the vidget application. So just make sure you have added that package JSON here. Perfect. And now let's go ahead inside of our apps vidget. And in here let's go ahead and create a new folder modules. Let's create a widget module and let's go ahead and create hooks inside use vapy.ts. Let's go ahead and import vapy from our new package and let's import use effect and use state from react. Let's go ahead and create a type called transcript message with a role of either user or assistant and the text of type string. Let's export const. Let's go ahead and let's first define const vapy and set vapy instead of a use state. Give it a type of vap instance or null. Now we're going to create three booleans. All of them are going to be the same. Is connected and set is connected. And same thing for is connecting and is speaking. So just be mindful there is a difference between these two. All of them will be false in the beginning. And the last state here will be the transcript which will be a type of transcript message but in form of an array. Now let's create the use effect. Go ahead and give it an empty dependency array. And now let's create the VPY instance using new VPY. Inside of here we now have to add our public API key. So head inside of your VPY API keys and click add key. I'm going to call this vidget echo tutorial and I won't select any of these other ones. I will just click create public token. Vidget echo tutorial. I'm going to click copy. Make sure you did this for the public API key and simply paste it inside. So why am I adding this like that and why am I not adding this in the environment file? Well, I'm going to add a comment as to why. only for testing the VPI API otherwise customers will provide their own API keys. That is why because as I just explained we are not going to use our own VPI keys. Each customer will have to add their API keys, allowing them to create agents of their own, to create workflows of their own and phone numbers of their own, making our app much more flexible and for us a great lesson in white labeling uh other APIs. So, let's now set VPY to be VPY instance. And now let's go ahead and let's do something on the VP instance. Call start. So when the call start happens, let's set is connected to true. Set is connecting to false and set transcript to an empty array. Now let's do the same thing on call end. Set is connected will be false. set is connecting will be false as well as set is speaking. Now let's add two very simple ones. On speech start set is speaking to true and on speech end set is speaking to false. Now let's also add the error state. And I also recommend adding a little console. Here let me just obtain the error and just pass it here. simply so you can see if something happens and you cannot debug it. And now let's go ahead and do VP instance on message. Now in here you have to be a little bit careful because message is a type of any. So what I'm going to do is carefully type if message.type. The thing is you can add this and it won't throw you an error, right? So make sure you don't misspell this. If message type is transcript, you can also misspell here. So be careful. Transcript and if message.t transanscript type is equal to final. Same rules here only then call set transcript. We're going to get the existing values in the transcript and we're going to return an empty array. Then we're going to reuse the existing values in the transcript and we're going to add a new one. We are going to assign a role for this transcript who is speaking by checking message.roll and checking if it is a type of user. If it is assign user otherwise set it as an assistant and the text will be message.t transanscript. Make sure you are not misspelling transcript in any place because this is a type of any. So you can misspell things very easily here. Before we end this use effect, make sure to add a return method which will call Vappy instance question mark. Stop. Now let's go ahead and let's do const start call method. Set is connecting whoops to be true and call if it exists. VPY start. Inside of start, we have to define which AI assistant we want to call. So head into your assistance and copy the ID of Tom and paste it in here. I'm going to copy this comment from above one more time. The reason we are pasting it like this is because this is only for testing the VP API. Otherwise, customers will provide their own assistant ids. So that's what label white labeling will do for us. And now let's add one more function end call. And finally from this hook let's return all of those things. is speaking, is connecting, is connected, transcript, start call, and end call. Now, let's go ahead and use this hook. I'm going to go ahead and go inside of apps widget app page. DSX. And in here, I'm going to actually uh remove everything besides the button here. And I'm just going to leave the button and nothing else like that. And now I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to call my new hook use wy from modules widget hooks use wppy. So this is directly inside of the widget folder. Modules widget hooks use wppy. Now let's go ahead and let's dstructure everything that's being returned from vapy is speaking is connected all the way to end call like that. And in here let's call start call. And the button will also say start call. Um, sure this can stay like this. Below it add the end call method end call. Give it a variant of destructive. Let's also give this a maximum width of MD MX and full width. And then let's go ahead and add a paragraph here is connected and inside of here open back and render is connected and then do the same thing is connecting and is speaking and then let's go ahead and let's JSON stringify our transcript like so. I believe we now use everything from here. Make sure you have use client at the top right here. And now let's go ahead and do turbo dev in the root of our application. Since we are working within the vidget dev, we have to go to localhost 3001. And we should now have start call, end call, and indicators here. Make sure to open your console so that you can see if any errors get logged here. When you click start call, you will most likely have to allow access to your microphone. So be mindful of that. So I'm going to attempt to have the same conversation that I just had in the Vapi dashboard. I will ask it to verify my account and then I will ask it to check my account balance. And here we have our conversation. So we started with hello, you've reached VP Bank customer support. Uh my name is Tom, how may I assist you today? Hey Tom, can you verify my account? that was said by the user. Sure, please provide the last four digits. I said 1 2 3 4. Did you verify my account? Yes, I verified your account, John Doe. How can I help you today? I said, I would like to check my balance. And after that, it told me your current balance is $2,534. So, the exact same experience that we just had uh on the Vapi dashboard has been transferred to us here. Perfect. So that is what we wanted to achieve. Amazing. So now let's go ahead and see what we've done. We've created a VP account. We set up customer support agent. We've added the knowledge base. We've added some tools. We tested the agent from the dashboard and from the client SDK. But now let's talk about Vapi. So initially my idea was okay now what I have to do is I have to add my uh secret API key for VPY and use VPY's uh server side SDK and for each one of my customers create their phone numbers and create their assistance and all of those things. But then it hit me why am I actually doing that? Because all I'm doing is I am recreating the entire Vapy dashboard. That makes no sense. Like Vap's dashboard will always be one step ahead of mine. So it doesn't make sense to do that. So I thought, well, how about a white label VPY instead? So we are going to learn for the first time how this works. But there is another problem at hand, right? Another reason why I chose to white label. So right now each of these entities, phone numbers, assistants and tools, all of them are tied to one API key and they are not separated by tenant. So from a security standpoint, I would h I would hold all of my knowledge bases in my account. And that is a kind of weird thing to do to your customers, you know, coupling all of their accounts into just one knowledge base. There's a couple of things that can go wrong here. So I thought okay how about instead of one VPI key, one tenant and single phone number, single assistant, single tools, how about I allow my users for my B2B SAS application to white label VP API and I tell them give me your API keys and then I'm going to fetch all of your phone numbers, your assistants, your tools, your workflows So I can now have infinite number of tenants and all of them will have separate knowledge bases, separate phone numbers, separate assistance. That is where the idea to white label comes from. And if you're wondering how do we store these AI keys, that sensitive data we're going to be exploring Amazon web services, more spec more specifically the secrets manager. That is where we are going to store our keys. Amazing, amazing job. So, as I said, I now recommend after you finish this chapter that you go back into the Vapi documentation, head into VP guides and try and do one of these on your own. I will probably play around this some more. And then you can create as many of them as you want. And all you will have to do later is add your API keys to our customer support app. And we are automatically going to fetch all the assistants you have created and all the phone numbers you have created, allowing your users to use your Vapi account directly. So go ahead and try to build one of these on your own if you want to, of course. Uh, now let's go ahead and commit these changes here. So yes, we can leave them like this for now. Uh, so let's go ahead and go inside of here. I'm going to uh select all of these changes. Uh, let's see this chapter 06 AI voice assistant like so. Let's commit. I'm going to click on the main here. I will create a new branch 06 AI voice assistant like that and I will click publish branch. After that let's go inside of my repository here. Let's go ahead and open a new pull request and let's review our changes. Even though most of this is just for test, but I do want to see our hook reviewed just in case. And here is the code rabbit summary. We introduced voice call functionality with controls to start and end calls. We display a realtime call status and a transcript of the conversation. So the changes introduce a new custom React hook called use VPY to manage voice call interactions using the Vapy AI assistant within the Vidget application. That is exactly what we did. In here we have a sequence diagram explaining what happens when we click start call. We use the use WPY hook and we initiate the call with the assistant ID. The assistant then emits events such as call start, speech start, transcript, etc. And we update the state accordingly and then we render the call state and the transcript. End call works very similarly. And in here uh it gave us two comments and that is not to use hard-coded API keys and assistant IDs. Obviously we are not going to do that. I just added it as an example. But yes, make sure that this isn't a public repository. I should have definitely told you this sooner. U or what you can do simply if you have committed this already, just go inside of your VP API keys and delete them, right? So in in case this is a public repository you're working with, so no one can steal your public API keys. Even though public API keys are kind of meant to be public, right? uh it it would be still be a good idea not to exactly share them with everyone. Great. So, we're going to remove that in the next chapter so we no longer have that issue. And for now, you can just click merge pull request and confirm merge. And after you've done that, I'm going to change my branch back to main and I'm going to synchronize my changes. After I have synchronized my changes in the graph below, we should see an example. We detached to do AI voice assistant and then we merge that back into main. Amazing. Amazing job. Perfect. So now we have a base model for our voice assistant and how our customers will create support agents and then give us their API keys so that we can call this use vap hook with their assistant ID and with their next public API key. That's how this is going to work. And just, you know, a small note here in case you had any trouble finishing this and you're worrying, will you be able to continue the tutorial if this for whatever reason doesn't work for you? Maybe you don't have a microphone or something like that. Uh, don't worry. Uh, this is a very cool additional part of this project. Uh, but you will be able to continue this even if you had some trouble doing this. Amazing. Amazing job. and see you in the next chapter. In this chapter, we're going to go ahead and create the dashboard layout. And this is how it's going to look like. Organization switcher on the top, sidebar item groups in the middle, and in the footer, we're going to have our user button. Let's start by adding some more Shatsen components because right now our packages UI source components only has button and input. To remind you how we add components, let me load the monor repo documentation from shatnui. You go inside of cd apps web and you run the command. So cd apps web. Make sure you are inside and then PNPM DLX chaten at 2.9.2 because that is the version that I used to initialize this tutorial. So that's why I'm using this version again. And I'm going to add all components to save some time so we don't individually pick because we do need a lot of them but not really all of them. So I think this is a better solution. Let's just add all of them and then in the end we can remove those we don't use. So let's go ahead and press enter here. And I believe that we will overwrite the button and the input. I'm just not sure if it's going to ask us to do that or not. There we go. So do you want to overwrite? Sure. Yeah, we can overwrite. And same thing for the other component that we have input, I believe. And here we go. So, it took me quite a lot to do this 2 minutes. So, yes, if yours is still loading, it's normal. So, it added a bunch of components and it also updated a bunch of my packages here. So, you can see in PNPM lock, we got a bunch of new uh stuff here. And now uh when I added my form component, it will automatically install the hook form resolvers and it's also going to install zod and react hook form. Uh I had some problems with that. I just want to tell you that in advance and I had to manually fix the versions. So just in case you try building the app or you see something weird with hook form resolvers, don't worry. I had that problem as well and if we encounter it I will fix it. So let's go ahead now and let's develop the sidebar. So the first thing I want to do is I want to go back in my root application. Uh if you want to you can run pnpm install after this just to confirm everything is okay. And then let's do turbo dev and let's focus on our web application. Looks like it's building great. So let's go to localhost 3000 because this is where our main application is. Uh and looks like it is building. Works perfect. Now let's go inside of apps. Let's go inside of web. Uh and inside of here, let's go inside of modules. And I'm going to create a dashboard module here. And inside of here, I'm going to create UI. And then I'm going to create layouts. And inside I will create dashboard layout. VSX. Let's go ahead and export const dashboard layout here. And I'm going to extract the children from here. Let's go ahead and type the children. And let me just see. Uh this is a React node inside of here. So let's go ahead and render our out guard like that. Organization guard like that. And then inside of here, let's render main with class name flex flex one flex call and render the children inside like that. And now you can go inside of your web app dashboard layout and you can simply replace this with dashboard layout. So we're going to develop the dashboard layout there like this. And you can remove the out guard and the organization guard because we just moved it here. So right now nothing much should change within your application. But now what you have to do is you have to import the sidebar provider and you can import the sidebar provider from workspace UI components sidebar because we just added this component. And in here you have the sidebar provider. There we go. So after you have imported sidebar provider, let's go ahead and wrap our main inside of that. So sidebar provider. Now let's go ahead and do the following. Let's add const cookie store to be await cookies. And let's set the default open here to be cookie store.get sidebar underscore state question mark do value is equals to true instead of a string. This is important. Now let's go ahead and mark this as an asynchronous method. and let's import cookies from next headers. And make sure that you don't have use client at the top or in your layout file here. Now that you have that, go ahead and pass to your sidebar provider the default open value. This way, even during server side rendering and server components, uh you will not have a weird flash that happens because you will be able to collapse your sidebar. And when you collapse it and refresh for a second, it's going to expand and then it's going to read its local storage state and it's going to collapse back. And that just causes a weird effect. So by doing this, we make sure that even during server side rendering, we know whether sidebar is collapsed or not. Why sidebar state? Well, the answer is inside of the sidebar component in packages UI source components. In here you can find the sidebar cookie name sidebar state. So just double check that you are using the correct one. What we have to develop now is the dashboard sidebar component. So let's go ahead inside of dashboard UI in the apps web modules dashboard and go ahead and create components and inside add dashboard sidebar.tsx. Let's go ahead and mark this as use client and let's go ahead and import everything uh we're going to need. So we're going to need organization switcher and user button from clerk nextjs. Then we're going to need all the icons right because if you remember here we're going to need all of these icons to display. We can do that by importing them from lucid react. We already have this package installed thanks to Shatsn UI credit card inbox layout dashboard library big mic and plet icon. Then we're going to need to use both the image and link from next but individually next image and next link. And then use path name from next navigation. And now we need to import all the components from our sidebar component. Sidebar content footer group content group label header menu button menu item and sidebar rail from workspace UI components sidebar. And lastly, let's go ahead and import CN from workspace UI lib utils. And now let's go ahead and let's create our first array of items. const customer support icons. My apologies. Items. Let's render them in an in an array. Each item will have a title, a URL, icon. Let's set this to be inbox icon and badge. Let's go ahead and set this. Actually, no need for a badge. That's fine. And let's go ahead and give this a title of conversations the URL forward slash conversations like that. And then go ahead and copy it and change it to be knowledge base forward slashfiles library big icon. Now let's render those items. So export con dashboard sidebar like this is going to return a sidebar with a class name of group. Make sure to capitalize the N in class name. And in collapsible mode, it will only display the icon of each item. So when we collapse the sidebar, only the icon is going to be visible. Now let's go ahead and let's add the sidebar header. Now let's go ahead and inside of that header add the sidebar menu. Sidebar menu item and sidebar menu button. and go ahead and give it an an as child property and size large. And inside render the organization switcher and add hide personal and skip invitation screen components. So now let's go back inside of the layout here, my apologies, inside of the dashboard layout component and just next to the main element, render the dashboard sidebar. And I like to use the modules sidebar UI uh dashboard like that. And now you should have a big sidebar here and you should have the uh organization switcher available. And right now there is no way to collapse this sidebar but we are going to add that soon. And we're also not really displaying any items here. So let's go ahead and continue developing this until we can see some items so that we can start building this. So uh let's go ahead and go outside of the sidebar header and add sidebar content. Instead of sidebar content, let's mark this as customer support so we know what group this is. Now render the sidebar group. Sidebar group label and write customer support. And there we go. You now have a label customer support here. And now let's go ahead and let's add sidebar group content here. And let's go ahead and do sidebar menu. And inside of here, iterate over customer support items which we defined above. Get the individual item here and render sidebar menu item. Give it a key of item.title. Render sidebar menu button. Give it an as child property. Give it a tool tip property of item.title. Title. Let's just not misspell it. and also give it uh is active prop to be uh let me just see I think we have to develop is active yes so let's go ahead and just quickly develop is active by first getting the path name from use path name which we imported and then const is active will be a function which accepts the URL and it will simply check if the URL is root page return path name is equal to that otherwise return if path name starts with URL. So let's go ahead and use the is active here item dot URL like that. Now inside of here you're going to use the link element. Give it an href of item dot URL. Render item do icon here. give it a class name of size four and render this span item.title. And now uh looks like uh mine is collapsed. And I think that the reason mine is collapsed is because I developed on localhost 3000. So it could [snorts] be that I have a cookie that collapsed them for me. I'm not 100% sure. Let me go ahead and check what is my cookie name. sidebar state. Uh, looks like I don't have it. Okay. So, I'm not sure why mine is collapsed. I'm going to go ahead and this is what I'm going to do. I'm going to go to the end of the sidebar here inside of dashboard sidebar right here and let's add sidebar rail. It's a self-closing tag. This should enable you to click in the edge of your sidebar and you should be able to open it and close it. And now try refreshing and it should preserve the state. So if you collapse it and refresh it should stay collapsed. So the way this works is thanks to this thanks to cookies in here we store that. So we know is it opened or is it closed and also make sure you are doing this in desktop mode. If you're too zoomed in, it's going to u disappear because on mobile it hides itself. Great. So now let's go ahead and expand this and let's continue developing. So now we can add some other uh items here inside of the dashboard sidebar. Let's go to the top here. After customer support items, you can add configuration items. So, a new array exactly the same as the one above, but with some new icons and some new elements. Widget customization leading to forward slashcustomization. Integrations leading to forward slash integrations. Voice assistant leading to forward slplugins slvopy. And make sure to use the proper icons. And now what we have to do uh is we have to render the same thing here. So let me go ahead and let's copy the sidebar group and let's add an empty space here and let's paste another group. Change this to be configuration. Change this to be configuration. And in here change this to be configuration items. Uh I think right now yeah this says voice assistant. Now we are later going to change this to be vapy icon. For now we can leave it as is. I think this is okay for now. Yeah. But later when we uh we're going to filter this out and we're going to change this to be as in the screenshot. As you can see, we're going to use a Vappy icon. So, it looks like a proper integration with some other platform. Right now, let's do the same for accounts and account items. So, this will be much simpler. So, go at the top where your configuration items are and simply add account items. And then you just have to do the same thing, right? So, go ahead and copy the last sidebar group here. like so. Add a space and change this to be account. Change this to be account and account items. And now let's go here. And there we go. Conversations, knowledgeb customization, integrations, voice assistant, plans, and billing. So now what I want you to do is I want you to go outside of sidebar content and open up sidebar footer and in here render the sidebar menu. And let's go ahead inside and render sidebar menu item. Go ahead and render the user button component which is a self-closing fact. And go ahead and give it a show name prop. And now at the bottom you will have your user button. But we have one problem with this and that is when it's collapsed the clerk components don't look good. So all the other ones seem to integrate quite well as you can see but these ones seem to be a little bit problematic. So what we're going to do now is we're going to fix them starting with the organization switcher. So let's go ahead and focus on this component right now. So we can use the appearance prop for the organization switcher. So let me go ahead and do that. After these two props, go ahead and add appearance and open an object. Go ahead and select the elements object and first let's define the root box. Give it a full width and put exclamation point at the end. This is equivalent to writing important. Right? So, if I go ahead and add an exclamation point and hover, uh, oh, looks like nothing shows when I hover. Um, not sure why this is. Usually, when you have Tailwind CSS IntelliSense, uh, it should be able to help you with class names, but maybe this is because of, uh, monor repo structure. I don't know. But basically just put an exclamation point and that will mark it as important which means it will override if there is another width set. And same for height 8. And you can see that now when you refresh uh well you can't really see anything but the root box now extends up to here except it doesn't have a color. So now we are going to change the user button trigger which is the thing that we can currently see and that's what we're going to change to be width full as well. Let's see. Okay, still nothing is showing. So with full padding two and let's do hover bg sidebar accent like that. Uh let me just check is anything here changing? I just want to make sure I'm not doing something incorrectly here. Okay. So, let me just check. Organization switcher. The root box is definitely all the way to the end, but I think there is something with the sidebar that's making it uh like this. So, let me just check. The width is definitely overridden by width full. So, I'm just going to continue developing and we're going to see. Okay, so user button trigger now has width full padding to hover BG sidebar accent hover text sidebar accent foreground group data collapsible is equal to icon. Make sure you're writing all of this without any space. So, this is all one uh thing. When that is active, give it a size of eight. And group data collapsible icon again give it a padding of two. And now when you collapse uh okay, I'm not sure why uh this is not doing anything here. Um so let me just check. My deepest apologies. I am reading you completely incorrect things. This is not user button. For some reason, I thought we were developing the user button. My deepest apologies. Uh let's remove the user button trigger because that's not what we need. Let's go ahead and add avatar box just below the root box. My apologies again. Uh rounded small. So, make sure you add these two classes. I completely missed what component we were editing and I was telling you incorrect instructions. So the one we need to target is organization switcher trigger component. Let's try it now. So with full justify start. Let's see. There we go. You can see how the entire thing is now selected. My deepest apologies. I kept seeing that something is wrong but I wasn't sure what it was. Okay. And now let's do on group data collapsible icon. Go ahead and change the size to be eight. And then you can copy this class name. Use it again and change the padding to be two. And now when you collapse, it should look like this. There is still this carrot here. Don't worry, we will solve it. But you can see how now it adapts to the rest of our app. I think this looks much better already. Now, let's continue developing this. So, let's go ahead and give it uh the organization preview option. And in here, we're going to do a similar thing. So, you can just copy this group data collapsible icon because it's going to be the same everywhere. Give it justify center and gap two. So right now we only change the gap when it's expanded. So it matches the gap of all the other items here. Then let's do organization preview text container. Again go ahead and copy group data here collapsible icon and simply make it hidden. And after that give it a text extra small font medium text sidebar foreground. So on collapsible icon only hidden everything else is independent. So let's go ahead and see how it looks now when you collapse the text button completely the test completely disappears. And now let's go ahead and solve the carrot. So the key for that is organization switcher trigger icon. Let's go ahead and copy the group data again and make it hidden. And then let's use ML auto and text sidebar foreground. And I think that now we finally get a beautiful effect. Perfect. It looks just like all the other icons and you can open it normally and it fills the whole width when active. Perfect. Now let's do the same thing for the user button which is what I did initially but I was telling you invalid classes. So let's go down to the user button. Let's add appearance elements and let's start with adding a root box full width and height eight. Again, I don't think nothing will be visible now because we need user button trigger what we initially were doing. So, full width and padding too. There we go. You can see how now full width is being taken and this is centered. Let's do on hover BG sidebar accent. So now when you hover you can have the same background as all of our other element so it matches on hover text sidebar accent foreground group data collapsible icon size 8 and you can copy this and besides size eight also padding too. So I think that already when you collapse. Okay, not perfect. Let's continue developing. Let me just confirm that I didn't misspelled the group data thingy. You can copy it from any of the ones above, but looks like it is the exact one. Yes. Okay. So now after user button trigger, let's do user button box. full width flex row reverse justify end and you can see that now I have reversed the user button icon to be on this side and the text to be on this side so it fits all the other elements here using flex low reverse and justify end now let's give the same gap as all the other elements and now let's use group data collapsible icon here to be justify center and text sidebar foreground. So we are getting much better. Perfect. Now let's go ahead and target user button outer identifier. PL will be zero. Let's go ahead and use the group data again. hidden and avatar box. Let's give it a size of four. And just like that, we have created it exactly the same as our other ones. And when collapsed, it collapses nicely. Perfect. So that is exactly what we wanted. We now have a sidebar that will appear for each of these pages right here. and we will be able to change our organizations. Now, let me just change this to something else. As you can see, we can now change within our organizations from the sidebar here. And you can also see how it exactly matches the the organization here. And from here, you will be able to manage your account or log out. Perfect. So, let me see what else do we have to do. We added all the components. We created the dashboard layout. We created a sidebar, groups, user button, and organization switcher. We didn't do the empty pages, so we could do that to end the chapter. And yes, I am aware that the colors are a little bit different. Don't worry about that. We're going to have a special chapter called theming in which we are going to learn how to theme our projects uh properly. So, let's go ahead and just create these empty pages for now. So, I'm going to go inside of web, inside of app, inside of dashboard, and let's go ahead and do the following. Uh, I'm going to create conversations and inside page.tsx page conversations. And now when you click on conversations, you should be able to see conversations. And this should be highlighted. You can see how it's bold and it looks selected. And now let's go ahead and let me just remove the test page. We no longer need it. Copy conversations and change this to be files. Go inside of files and change this to be files. And basically now go ahead and do that for each uh of our dashboard sidebar items here at the top. So we added conversations and we added files. Now let's do customizations and integrations. So just like this customization page.tsx integration page.tsx. So nothing special. We've already done this before. Uh and now let's also do plugins vapy. So this one is a little bit different. That's why I want to do it with you. Uh inside of dashboard create a new folder called plugins and then inside a new folder called vapy and then inside page.tsx. That's how you create nested components. Whoops. Let's just do this. VPY plugin. And I think there's only one left and that is billing. So let's go ahead and copy files. Rename it to billing. like so. And I believe that now every single one of our pages uh should be visitable. So billing should load billing, voice assistant should load VPY, integrations, integrations, widget customization, knowledge base should be files, and conversations should be conversations. Amazing. Amazing job. So in the next chapter, we're going to add some theming so it looks like I screenshotted here. Uh, amazing. So we added empty pages. Now let's go ahead and commit these changes and review our request. So I'm going to add all of these changes. And this will be 07 dashboard layout. I'm going to commit. And then I'm going to open a new branch 07 dashboard layout. And I'm going to publish that branch. If you ever accidentally push your changes without opening a new branch, don't worry. Like you don't have to follow the branches like me. I'm just doing it because it's much easier to keep track of your project and what's going on and so that you can see what we actually did in this chapter. Right. So now I'm going to open a new pull request. And this will be a pretty big one, I suppose, uh because Code Rabbit will now review 57 files. But I'm going to try to get the point across uh as short as possible because we know that what this chapter was about was sidebar. And here we have the code rabbit summary. We introduced a comprehensive set of UI components including all the way from sidebar to tool tip. Basically all chats and UI components. But here's what we actually developed ourselves. We added a responsive and collaps and collapsible dashboard sidebar with navigation as well as user and organization management. And we also added new dashboard pages for every single item on that dashboard. And in here it says that we provided a mobile deduction hook. So that was all thanks to Shhatsen UI CLI tool. We didn't do this manually. So for this reason it really makes no sense to go through uh all of these uh individually because all of these components are mostly added by the CLI tool except well this I misspelled knowledge base. So in the next chapter I will make sure that I correct my typo here. Great catch by code rabbit. Uh, and in here, yes, this is a good tip. We should probably export the sidebar cookie name from the sidebar component. So, you can see how you can see how it searched through my entire codebase and it found out that you can find sidebar state as a constant sidebar cookie name inside of my new sidebar component by shad CN. So that is actually quite impressive because that's the first thought I had when I wrote this in a literal string. I thought I should probably export the constant and in here it tells me to do that. So that's one thing we can do for sure. But everything else here is I I don't want to change it even though it's probably a good suggestion simply because this is the CLI tool and I don't want to mess with this components if they work. So, I'm going to merge the pull request and let's go ahead and wrap up this chapter. Let's go back to main and let's synchronize changes. And once you synchronize your changes, go ahead and open graph. And in here, you will have your new pull request. Amazing. Amazing job. Let's go ahead and mark this as completed as well. And see you in the next chapter. In this chapter, we're going to continue our development of the sidebar by adding a global theme. So, I'm going to show you how I create the theme for my project. And I'm going to share my globals.css file with you so that you can have the exact same look in your project. So, the way I create my themes is by using the CN. You can use the link you can see on the screen to let them know you came from this video. So, this is a super simple application that allows you to create your custom Shhatsen UI theme. And as you can see, this is actually the exact theme that I used for my previous project, which was the lovable clone. So, the way I do this is just by clicking start customizing. And in here, I go over a bunch of these themes until I find one that I really like. And once I find something that I like, I just go ahead and slightly modify it. So in this case, this is the theme that I have selected, but I did some little changes here and there. You can also switch between cards, dashboard, mail, pricing just to see how it all looks together. So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to show you where you can find my exact globals.css and that is using the link on the screen to access the assets. as you've already uh did a few times in this tutorial. And in here, I have added the UI folder and in here, globals.css. Now, I just want you to be a little bit careful when copying this for a very simple reason. When you go inside of your packages, UI source styles globals.css, CSS. Just make sure that these are exactly the same as these because uh previously if you try to if you try to do this in like a normal copy if you try to copy global CSS from like a normal single repository next.js app, it's going to break the styling. So just be careful, right? If you want to, you can actually just copy from the root all the way to the layer base like that. And then I'm going to do the same here. I'm going to select the root and I'm going to go all the way to the layer base and I'm going to remove it. So this is how it looks like. And then I'm going to paste it. And you can see that I also added this layer base which basically returns the pointer cursor uh to each button. So in here um basically I mostly copied from Twix CN after I added my theme and then maybe I did some slight modifications here and there. I'm not exactly sure. And also an important point I have only optimized this for light mode. So I didn't really bother with uh dark mode for this tutorial because I think customer support apps look much better in light mode. So let's go ahead and check out our webdev and let's see if anything has changed at the moment. So we just added our new globals.css. So it has to probably compile that. Uh and I don't know if you can see any difference but I think in our previous chapter this was darker. Now it has a white background. So now what I want to do is I want to show you uh how I customized my active button because you can see that in here my active button is fairly different. So I'm going to show you how I did that. Let's go ahead directly inside of dashboard sidebar component. And inside of here, let's find the first sidebar group where we go over some items. And let's find the sidebar menu button. And after is active, I'm going to add a class name prop. And I'm going to use the CN util to uh make it dynamic. So just make sure you have imported the CN from workspace UIL utils. And now what I'm going to do here is I'm going to very simply check if is active item. URL and I'm going to go ahead and write my class. So I'm going to be using a gradient to bottom. So the reason we are adding this as a direct explicit class name rather than some variable is because I didn't exactly find a way to do that for gradients. So that's the only reason we are writing an explicit class name here. So, let's go ahead and do from sidebar primary. And then let's go to and now let's write a hex code of the blue uh of the blue color that we need. And that's this one. And make sure to put an exclamation point at the end. Let's add text sidebar primary foreground and hover two. And let's go ahead and choose the same hex color, but let's go ahead and give it a 90% opacity. Like that. And there we go. You can see now how it looks like exactly as in my example. And now what I want you to do is just copy this class name and just add it to your other uh sidebar menu buttons here. So configuration items and accounts. I believe that is the last one. So now all of them, as you can see, will have the exact same look. Perfect. So I think that there are still some slight differences between my sidebar and ours. So let's go ahead and do a few things. Let's go inside of sidebar.tsx inside of packages UI source components. And in here, uh, let's go ahead and let me export sidebar cookie name. Uh, I was thinking of maybe changing the sidebar width, but actually I think it's okay. I We're going to change the width if needed once we add the chats panel here and the whole chat interface. So then we're going to see is this too far or not, right? And also try collapsing it so you can see how cool this looks. I really, really like the sidebar like that. And I think this gradient effect is very subtle but cool enough. You know, you can see it's a little bit different. It's not just a plain blue color. It's like a very subtle effect. I personally like it. You can, of course, choose however you want. So, I want you to export this constant sidebar cookie name and then go back inside of the layout of the apps web app dashboard. Uh, is it that one? Actually, go inside of the dashboard layout component. My apologies. So, apps web modules UI layouts dashboard layout here. And what I want you to do is very simply import the sidebar cookie name so you don't accidentally misspell it. So this way we fixed that suggestion from code rabbit from before. Hey there. Uh this is code with Antonio from the future and I am actually editing this video where we add our theme and where I just told you to add this sidebar cookie name constant. What I did here is I added this constant but I never actually tested if our app works because by all logic it should work normally. But if you actually try it out, your dashboard sidebar will always be collapsed. See, even if you expand it and then refresh, it will be collapsed. The reason behind this probably because due to turbo repo monorreo architecture, this constant isn't loaded at the time it needs to be loaded. So this constant is actually undefined. And then default open is always false. Go ahead and try it. If you use a constant here, which is sidebar state, it will always be closed. You can't keep it open via local storage. But if you just copy the text that was here previously and paste it here and remove the constant and then refresh, you can see that it starts to work again. I just wanted to bring this to your attention because I actually didn't notice this bug until chapter 18. So I just want to give you a tip ahead. Don't use that constant even though I literally just told you to do that. It unfortunately causes the bug. Keep it as a string instead. But just make sure that it is the same string as sidebar state here. Perfect. And also let's go ahead and do the following. I really want you to go inside of your widget page. DSX. So instead of apps vidget app page and go inside of use vapy here uh and please remove your API keys from here like that and after you removed your API keys let's go ahead to VP and let's remove them together. I just don't want you to accidentally forget about this because I didn't explicitly do it. I just told you to do it. So after that, go inside of Vapi keys here and just delete all of your public API keys. You don't need them for absolutely anything besides some internal testing here. Uh the reason I'm telling you to do this is because you may accidentally, you know, publish this repository that you're working on and then all of your keys will leak. So there we go. You just click the delete button and then it will delete after some time. So please go ahead and do that. Don't let your uh keys leak. And you can if you want to also delete the assistant, but that's not too important. The assistant ID isn't exactly a secret. It's just the entity ID. So you don't have to delete Tom. Tom is fine, but please just hide your uh API keys. Excellent. And after you have done that, I think this marks the end of this very very simple chapter where we just added a global theme. So from now on, it's going to be easier for us to work here. And I don't know if you noticed, but our font just became a little bit bolder. That's because by default, I've set the font to be medium. So I think that even this normal text now should have font medium. Let me just check inside of computed. Let's go and find font weight 500. I I think [snorts] that's medium. Not exactly sure. Uh but yeah, we are going to be basically working with this theme from now on. Excellent. So I believe that marks the end of this chapter and uh it was a very short chapter. There is really no need to uh review this but I will still follow the normal commit flow. So I'm just going to go ahead and stage all of my changes. 08 theme commit. I'm going to go ahead and open a new branch 08 theme and I'm going to publish that branch. I'm going to go inside of my GitHub repository here. I'm going to open the pull request and I will immediately merge it. So the only reason I'm opening this pull request is for the history, right? So that I know it happened and so that I have a checkpoint to always go back here if something goes wrong. Uh really no need to review this because it was super simple. So just make sure to go back inside of your main branch and just synchronize your changes. You can also use this button. I think I kept using the one below but I think they are the same buttons. Uh and then in here you should now well you can check in the use vap. And there we go. These are empty globals. CSS. Well I can't really recognize if it's different or not but I'm pretty sure it's the correct one. Great. Amazing. Amazing job. Uh we have pushed these changes and see you in the next chapter. In this chapter, we're going to develop the widget layout. This will include creating the widget view, creating the widget header, and creating the widget footer. We're going to use this as the base for building further widget screens. Let's go ahead and let's create a widget view. So I'm going to go inside of apps inside of vidget and I'm going to go inside of modules and inside of my vidget module I'm going to create UI and inside views. And let's create vidget view.tsx. I'm going to go ahead and mark this view as client because we're going to need it in the future. And let's go ahead and let's create an interface props organization ID. And let's go ahead and give it a string. And then let's export const vidget view here. And let's go ahead and dstructure the props which only hold the organization ID. And inside of here, let's go ahead and let's return a div. Actually, we can call this main. Like so. Let's give the main element a class name of flex, full height, full width, flex column, overflow hidden, rounded, extra large, border, and background color muted. And now let's go ahead and simply write widget view inside. That's all for now. Now, let's go ahead and let's create the actual page. So, inside of our app, let's go ahead and go inside of page.tsx like that. Uh, and in here for now, we can remove the use import and we can remove all the other elements inside. And this does not have to be actually leave this as use client as well. And let's go ahead and let's import vidget view from modules widget UI views widget view and simply return the widget view here. Now in here we expect the organization ID prop. So let's go ahead and add it here. So the way we can dstructure the organization ID uh prop from here will be through search params. So since this is a reserved page.tsx tsx file that means that we have some special access to the props here. So that means that we can actually create an interface props search params which is a type of promise and inside organization ID string like that and then in here let me just refactor this I don't like to use this method and then let's just do export default page like that and then props and the structure search params. And now let's go ahead and let's destructure the organization ID by using use from react. Make sure that you have use client at the top of this page. DSX and inside of here add search params. And now you will be able to pass organization ID like so. And now just for fun, let's go inside of the vidget view and let's also render the organization ID just so we can see if we pass it successfully. Now let's go ahead and let's run turbo dev and let's go to localhost 3001 where our widget is running. So you can see that now we have the widget view but nothing inside. So if I go ahead and change my URL and add it a question mark organization ID 1 2 3 you will see it says 1 2 3. Now I'm going to show you the entire URL. So localhost 3001 and then question mark organization ID equals 1 2 3. So this organization ID capitalization matters. Make sure that you didn't misspell it here in the search bars here and here and here. All of that matters. So this is how other users will load the widget. We are going to create a script that users will add to their website and that script will load localhost 3001 with this organization ID in an I frame on their website rendering the widget view for that specific organization. That's how it's going to work. So once you've successfully managed to render one, two, three, let's go ahead and edit this view. So now I'm going to go inside of my UI here in the widget and I will create components. And inside I will create vis uh vidget footer.tsx. Let's go ahead and export const vidget footer. And we can actually use the footer element. Give it a class name of flex items center justify between border top nbg background. And now inside of here go ahead and add a button from workspace UI components button and render a home icon from lucid react here. Go ahead and give this uh home icon a class name which will be dynamic using the CN util. Give it size five by default. And then let's go ahead and do the following. Just for fun, we're going to define the current screen that is active. And let's go ahead and make that selection. And then we're going to check if screen is equal to selection. In that case, we're going to render. We're going to use text primary class name like that. Now let's go ahead and give this button some attributes. Class name height 14 flex one rounded none. On click for now it can just be an empty function. Size will be icon variant will be ghost. Now let's go ahead and duplicate this entire thing like this. And this one will be using an inbox icon from Lucid React and check if the screen is inbox. And yeah, there is a type error here. So yeah, you can just ignore it for now. It's because we are hard coding this to this selection. So this will never be true. Uh so let's just go ahead and wrap it up. Widget footer. Perfect. And now let's go ahead and let's create widget header component. Now the widget header will be quite similar. It's going to be a very simple component but it will accept some classes and those will be children which are a type of react react node and class name which will be an optional string. So let's dstructure the children and the class name. And inside of here, we're going to return a header element. We had with a class name CN, which of course we have to import from our workspace UI lib utils. Background gradient to bottom from primary 2. And then we're just going to use the same blue hex color that we used in our sidebar in the previous chapter. Give it a padding for and text primary foreground. And then in the second argument pass an optional class name and inside render the children just like this. Now let's go inside of the widget view and let's go ahead and add widget footer at the bottom like that. So now you have this. Of course depending on how zoomed in you are you might see it very very wide or you might see it like this. Just uh remember that this will be rendered inside a limited width and height I frame. So this will not be rendered in a full screen like this. So if it looks weird that's why. And now let's go ahead above here and let's add the widget header component header like this. And there we go. We now have header, we have the body and we have the footer. And let's just assimulate how uh this will actually look like here um by adding a div around the body and giving this a class name of flex flex one. uh or that is not enough it seems. So let's see flex flex call hide full. Let me check the page. Okay, the page is good. Let me check the layout. Is there something that we have to do here? Uh so we have the providers. Um h not 100% sure why this isn't taking uh full width. Let me just debug a little bit. All right. So um I didn't really debug it, but I do think it's missing a minimum height of screen that you have to add here and then it will take the entire space. I'm just trying to remember why I did not need this class name in my original source code. So, I'm trying to think if maybe there's a reason that when you render it in an I frame, it works differently. So, I'm going to add a little to-do confirm whether or not min screen is needed. And while we are here, we can also add a minimum width of screen as well. And let's go ahead and add that to the comment as well. And I'm pretty sure this is not how you spell weather. Weather maybe like that. Okay. Uh, perfect. So, what I want to do now is I want to build a Hi there. Uh, how can we help you today type of widget header? So inside of this widget header um let's go ahead and let's create a div inside. Let's give this div a class name flex flex column justify between gap y 2 px of 2 and py of six. And then in here, let's add first paragraph, hi there. And we can just use the waving emoji. And below that, another paragraph, how can we help you today? Uh, I use raycast to add emojis um on my MacBook. You can just Google handwaving emoji and then add it here. [snorts] Or you just don't have to use the emoji. Let's go ahead and add a class name font semi-bold and text 3 Excel. And for the bottom one, font semibold text large. So we can transfer font semibold to this div to reduce repeating class names. Uh let's go ahead and try it out. And there we go. Hi there. How can we help you today? Perfect. Uh and this is basically how we're going to build our future widget uh views. Basically, we're going to have the out screen, the inbox screen, the chat screen, the phone number screen, and the voice agent screen. And all of them will reuse these components. Uh and I will actually not be using the NexJS router here at all for a very simple reason that technically this vidget app does not have to be server side rendered or things like that. So it could be a single page application without any routing whatsoever. So we're actually going to be using uh I'm definitely pronouncing it incorrectly, Yai uh state management uh to create our own little router. It's going to be very cool and this way you will be able to migrate the vidget app to to vite to I mean to vit to react whatever you want right but I will continue building in nextjs simply because I'm familiar with it but we're going to build it in a way that is next.js GS agnostic. So you will be easily able to move it out of that if you want to. Um, perfect. So I think this is exactly what we wanted for this chapter. Obviously, yeah, if you zoom out a lot, it will look huge. But just remember this will be rendered in an I frame with fixed constraints, right? So it's just going to be limited to this wide and this high. So don't worry that it looks super weird, right? If you want to make it more realistic, uh you can, I don't know, display it in mobile mode. This is how it's going to look like basically. Perfect. So, let's go ahead and commit that. So, this was a shorter chapter, but a sweet one uh nonetheless. Let's go ahead and stage all changes. Let me see. So, 09 widget layout. 09 widget layout. Let's commit. I'm going to go ahead and open a new branch. Create new branch. 09 widget layout like this. And I'm going to click publish branch like that. And let's go ahead and review our changes just in case that we didn't do any catastrophic mistakes here even though this was just UI. [snorts] So 09 widget layout. And while code rabbit is reviewing here, I actually want to show you that there is another way you can use code rabbit. You probably seen this uh a few times. So whenever I do a commit, I can actually review within my IDE, right? And then I can go ahead and select Code Rabbit here. And now Code Rabbit will review all of those changes that I've just done within uh my IDE as you can see right here. And the way this works is by a completely free extension. That's right. You can go ahead and install Code Rabbit and just connect your account and you will just get free code reviews. There's no catch. That's it. It's literally free AI code reviews and it's a super cool tool. Um, just for now, I'm going to stop this review simply because we have the same thing happening here. So, no reason to review it twice. But yeah, uh, feel free to install the code rabbit tool. I think it's amazing. Uh the reason I like the pull request one more is simply because it gives us uh kind of uh a description. It gives us the sequence diagrams and it kind of closes the chapter in a better way. And here we have the summary. We introduced a new widget interface featuring a header, footer, and main view displaying the organization ID. We added customizable header component for flexible content and styling as well as a footer component with navigation buttons for improved user interaction. Now [snorts] in here in the uh code review, it does tell me that I have to remove use client. The reason I put use client is because in here we're actually going to use dynamic import to completely turn off serverside rendering for our widget view. But I didn't want to do that in advance because I wanted to wait until we have to do it. So you see why we are doing it. So that's the only reason I put use client right now because in order to use dynamic imports. I'm pretty sure you need use client. So that's the only reason I put that. And in here it is telling me that we have to check if we have organization ID. That is exactly what we are going to do but in a different way. So we are just building a component here to set up the base components and we are now in the next chapter going to learn how to create screens which will check for organization ID and things like that. In fact we will have a special error screen that will show if organization ID is missing and if organization ID is invalid. And of course uh we have a hard-coded selection screen. So we will be changing that in the future. This was a fairly simple pull request. So, let's go ahead and merge it. And once you've merged it, go ahead and change back to your main branch. Uh, and you can press synchronize changes here and okay, or use the uh little button below. Sometimes it can just look like this. You can press it as many times as you want. And once you've done that, make sure to check your graph to confirm you have detached nine and then you've merged it. So, it should look like this. Excellent. I believe that marks the end of this chapter. We've created the widget view, widget header, and widget footer as well as the GitHub uh workflow. Amazing job and see you in the next chapter. In this chapter, we will develop a vidget session authentication. This is basically out for anonymous customer using our chat box and there are many ways to implement this. I chose the sessionbased anonymous authentication method. This approach will let us collect minimal user information, name and email. And using that, we're going to create a unique temporary 24-hour session. This will allow us to implement low user friction and let them immediately jump into the conversation while still allowing us to maintain conversation continuity. The session which lasts for 24 hours will be able to get uh refreshed if the user is still active within those 24 hours. But if the user is inactive, we're going to remove the session for privacy protection. So what are the benefits of this type of authentication? Well, first of all, it is low friction. When you're working within a chat box, you want your users to be able to ask a question as soon as possible. And I analyze a lot of existing chat boxes. And I was super interested in how they do this. And most of them do this very thing, right? Perhaps they don't exactly show an out screen, but they let you ask a question and then the chatbot asks you for your email. That's the same thing, right? We are just presenting that as an out screen like that. But the cool thing is that uh we don't need any passwords here. Uh now just don't get it wrong. Uh email is not an identifier in any way. It is just some extra information. So it's not like you will be able to enter anyone's email and then load their conversations. No, that's not how it's going to work. That's simply user metadata. So if the user session expires, that's where the operator will be able to contact them to continue the conversation. So those are the benefits of this authentication. What are the cons? Well, the first con is no email verification as you've just heard, which means that anyone can enter anyone's email address. I did test some other chat boxes and pretty much all of them allow that for the same reason we allow it. It's nothing more than just user metadata. So the operator can maybe contact the user on that email address. It is not used as any unique identifier for the user. So it's technically not exactly an issue but yeah uh you have to understand that anyone can enter anyone's email address using this method. uh as per technical limitations, sessions can get lost if user clears their local storage or if they switch devices. So, we are not protecting against that. And for the user experience issue, uh well, it will depend on how long you allow the expiration, right? If you make the expiration 2 hours, users will probably be annoyed that they have to enter their information all the time. So the longer you make your expiration session, the better will user experience be, but more privacy concerns will happen. Uh well, more technically, security concerns, not exactly privacy concerns. Uh and of course uh I don't exactly know where you are and you should abide by your jurisdiction laws about collecting user information because we will be collecting some additional data here uh like the time zone uh the country the country the user is from and things like that. So uh you should research that on your own if you're planning to get this to production and make sure you abide by those laws here. Uh great. So now let's go ahead and see at what we will be doing. We're going to create the contact session table in our schema. We're going to create contact session function so we can create a new contact session. And we will create the out screen which is essentially a form to create that. And in here I'm going to come to the end of the tutorial and explain how this uh will all work. We are not going to implement all of this right now but we will come to this part. So this part will be done. Uh this local storage and validating the session and checking expiry will be done in some other segments but I am still giving you the full picture here so you understand it better. Let's start by adding contact session table. So let's go inside of our packages. Let's go inside of backend convex and let's go inside of schema here. So far we only have users. Uh let's go ahead and go to the top of our schema and let's add contact sessions like that and let's define the table. Every contact session will have the name as you've just seen on the uh vidget out screen. Then we're going to have the email. We're going to have organization ID meaning for what organization is this contact session being created. Right. Make sure you don't misspell organization ID here. And we're going to have expires at which will be a type of number. And then we're going to have a metadata object which will be completely optional. And inside we're going to add an object. And this object will be able to store as much information as you want. For example, user agent language languages. Let's make this optional and it's also a string. Platform the user is on. Vendor that the user is using, screen resolution. So basically what I'm doing now is I'm just adding as much things as possible but you're going to have to check uh which things you want to use and which things you are allowed to use depending on where your users will be of course. So in here I'm just teaching you all the things that you are able to add from the uh users browser. So I'm just adding here all the things from my source code and we're going to read them now. So user agent language languages which are optional here platform vendor screen resolution viewport size time zone time zone offset cookie enabled uh referer and current URL. You can of course limit this to just language if you want to right. It completely depends on you. Uh and actually uh I think it might be a good idea to just make all of them optional, right? Let's assume we can't get all of them. So let's mark all of them as optional. There we go. So what I did is simply wrapped all of my current types into v.optional like this. So the same thing we did with the metadata and languages was already optional. So now all of them are optional. I think it just makes sense, right? you don't know what we are going what you're going to be able to capture. You don't know what's available. Maybe user is using some super weird browser. So I think this actually makes more sense. Uh and let's go ahead now and let's create an index here. So we're creating an index on the entire contact session table here. So let's go ahead and let's add dot index by expires at and simply target the field expires at like that. So now we can very quickly query uh by expires at if we need it. Uh and I actually think we can add one more index here by organization ID. Organization ID. We're going to see if we need this or not. I think we might actually need it. If we don't, uh, thankfully it's super easy to remove an index in convex. You just remove it here. That's it. Once you've done that, make sure you run turbo dev in the root of your application so that you have your backend running. And you can see that that is going to check for indexes. And you can see it added two indexes and it uh validated the schema. So that's how you know you did everything correctly. If you're getting any errors, uh, you did something incorrectly. So, please double check with the code here. Perfect. Now, let's go ahead and let's create a simple create function for this contact session. So, we're going to do that here instead of the convex folder. And previously, I taught you that you can just create, you know, users.ts and write the functions in here. And sure, you can do that. But I think it's time for us to uh create a structure that we're going to follow in this tutorial. The structure that I chose is to create a folder called public. And then we're going to have a folder called private and one more folder called system. And the reason I chose that structure is because some of our convex functions will be publicly callable from the public vidget component. So I want to semantically separate them in that folder so that I know whatever I write inside of this public folder should be considered accessible by anyone. That's why I'm doing that and that's why I think you should do it too so that you have all of your risky functions in one place. So let's go ahead and create contact sessions inside. Now in here let's go ahead and let's import V from convex values. Let's import mutation from generated server and let's export con create mutation. Let's go ahead and open the arguments. We're going to accept name. We're going to accept email. We're going to accept organization ID. and we're going to accept metadata. So inside of the metadata here, we need to pass an object. And inside of here, we basically have to add all of our items. So what you can do is you can just go back inside of the schema and you can just copy all of them like that. So after you have written your arguments, go ahead and add the handler which is going to be an asynchronous method like that. And the second ar uh the second parameter are the actual arguments here. So now let's go ahead and let's define the session duration. How long will this session last? So I'm going to go ahead and do constant session duration and I'm going to make it uh 24 hours. but in milliseconds. So let's add a comment 24 hours in milliseconds or we can just use this so we don't have to write unnecessary comments. There we go. And now let's go ahead and use that to create our expires at. So let's get the variable now to be date now. And then let's define expires at to be now plus session duration in milliseconds. Let's define const contact session ID to be await context dot database insert into contact sessions. So yes, convex database insert will always return ID. That's why I named this ID in advance because I knew that convex's insert always returns back the ID that was created. Let's go ahead and let's add arguments.name email arguments email organization ID arguments organization ID expires at metadata arguments metadata like that. And let's return convert contact session ID. There we go. So make sure we have this saved. And let's check if our functions are ready. So you can see whenever you have any errors in your code, the convex back end will not compile. So make sure that all of them is correct. So you will see the success message here. Perfect. So um I think that this is okay to be passed like this. I guess we'll see. Um now let's go ahead and let's actually create the widget out screen. So for that we're going to go inside of apps widget modules widget UI. Uh and let's actually create a new folder called screens like this. And in here let's go ahead and let's create vidget out screen.ds. dsx. And in here, we're going to import workspace header. My apologies, widget header, not workspace header. We're not going to use the footer, so no need for that. Uh, let's just export con vidget out screen for now. And let's go ahead and return an empty fragment vidget header. And inside of the widget header, we can actually copy what is currently inside of our widget app page, uh, widget view. There we go. So, you can copy this entire widget header and you can you can actually cut it from the widget view and then put it in the widget out screen. Uh, and in here, um, instead of how can we help you today, let's indicate that this is kind of the out screen. So let's say uh let's get you started and you can replace this with apples like that. So [snorts] let's get you started like that. And let's go inside of the widget view and instead of this I am just going to render the widget out screen. And for now, you can comment out the widget footer and you can comment out these two imports because we're not using them right now. So, widget out screen. Make sure that you have your widget running and head to localhost 3001. Uh, and this should load the new let's get you started with no footer. So there should be no footer because we just commented it out and we are only looking at the widget out screen. And now that we have this ready, we have to import storm uh form components. So in the previous or the chapter before the previous chapter, I think we added all components from chats to our project. So now let's go ahead and let's add them. Uh let me just replace this. I really like to use modules widget UI. I really like this. Okay. Uh [snorts] let's import from workspace UI components form form message item field control and form. Uh then let's also import the button. Let's go ahead and import the input. And let's now import use form from React cook form. If you're wondering uh where do we get this from? Well, you this should be installed in packages UI package JSON. I think React hook form. Let me check. Yeah, you can see React hook form exists here. But the reason we are getting errors is because it also needs to be installed in the app that we are using it. So we're going to have to be careful here. We're going to And I think the same is true for zod which we also need. Yes. So if you check the package JSON of your packages UI, Zod also exists here. So I think we're going to have to be careful and try and install the same uh versions here. And let me just check there is a one more thing that we need and that is hook form resolvers zod. Now when I tried to install these packages the first time in my original source code I had a lot of bugs, a lot of mismatches. So we're going to go ahead and try and do this uh together now. So, this is how I'm going to attempt it. I'm going to find the version of Zod that I need and I'm going to shut down my app. In the root of my app, I'm going to do PNPM filter uh vidget, right? This is for vidget. And I'm going to attempt to add the exact same one. So, add zod. And let me just see, can I do this? Okay. So, zod at and I'm not sure if I can do this when I'm adding it like into the terminal like that. So, let me try and add it here and see if this will give me this exact version or not. So, first things first, this should now disappear. Great. But let me check exactly what version was added. Looks like that exact version was added. So, that's great. Uh, look, is it uh I guess this is how you do it then. Uh obviously if you have any recommendation for me of how I should uh enhance using PNPM and these versions, please write it in the comments or email me whatever. I would love to learn more. Uh so now let's do the same thing for React hook form. Let's go ahead and do same thing. Uh oops. So React hook form at 761.1. Of course, you use the I mean, you should have the same version as as me, but just go inside of your packages UI package JSON. Let me show you where that is. Inside of your packages, UI package JSON here. And just find the version. So, make sure you're adding this to the widget. Let me check if that is correct now. So, I'm going to go here and check React hook form. I think that's the exact version. Perfect. Uh, and we also have to do it for hook form. And this hook form was giving me a lot of problems. So we're going to see now widget add hook form resolvers 5 to zero. So hook form resolvers. Making sure this is the one. Uh, and we're going to see. Yeah, basically for me this hook form resolvers uh was expecting a completely different version of Zod and it just caused such a weird mismatch. I think this is because Zod is now getting a version 4 and everything is just bundled a little bit. So let me try this again. Inside of my package JSON for the widget, I now have hook form resolvers, uh React hook form and zod all seemingly correct versions. Uh let's see. Let's go ahead and try doing turbo dev. Uh if it doesn't work, well, we're going to debug. Um looks like it's okay, but let's wait until we actually add some components to see if it's okay or not. So, back inside of the widget modules, uh UI screens widget out screen. Perfect. No more errors here. That's great. Now let's go ahead and let's quickly define the form schema for this out screen. So you can do that by using Z.Object and adding the name with a minimum requirement of one and name is required and email Z.string email invalid email address form schema is the constant. Perfect. And then inside of your widget out screen here, what you're going to do is you're going to define constant form to be use form which we import from react hook form and inside open this type annotation and pass in Z as zod.infer type of form schema constant which we just defined above. Then go ahead and execute the use form hook and pass in an object inside with a resolver zod resolver using again form schema and the default values for our two fields. Perfect. And now I'm going to create const on submit method here which is going to be an asynchronous method and the values here will be z.infer type of form schema and inside we can just console log the values for now. Perfect. Now let's go ahead uh and let's go below the widget header here and let's add form. Let's go ahead and spread form inside. Then let's add native form element. Let's give it class name flex flex one flex column gap y4 and padding four. Let's give it onsubmit here to be form handle submit onsubmit like this. And inside let's do form field and let's give it control form dot control name will be name render will destruct the field like so and render form item. So this composition if you're getting confused like how do I know this? This is just chaten way of writing forms. Nothing special, right? I just learned this composition because I've done it a million times. You can find it in chats documentation. Just type form, right? Inside of each form item, there is form control and then you render the type of uh component that will be controlled in this form. In our case, that is just a simple input. Let's give this a class name height 10. NBG background placeholder will be for example John Doe type will be text I always like to explicitly add my types even though this is the default and let's go ahead and spread the field property the field property basically has all the useful you can check it if you go inside the form field uh controller props somewhere you can find it basically it will give your input on change, on blur, on focus, all of those useful things. Uh, okay. So, I've saved this and now let's try and visit this page. Let's refresh. Let's see. Are we getting any errors? And there we go. We are getting some errors. So, we do have to fix them. All right. Uh, the good news is I've already encountered this before, so I know it's fixable, but I will have to pause the video a bit and I'm going to try and find the exact discussion that helped me fix this issue. All right, so uh first of all, here's what I Googled. So I put module not found can resolve zodi4 core and then I added hook form uh because well that's the error we are getting and I can see that it's coming from hook form resolvers because if you just Google without hook form it will give you some similar issues but they're not exactly associated with our problem. Our problem is within hook form and I found this github issue here which seems to describe our exact problem. So PNPM and hook form resolvers that is pretty much the exact thing that's happening to us here. Uh now in here there are several fixes. So uh this person here uh seems to suggest to check the installed zod version and if it's below 3250 upgrade to the latest zod 4 release. After upgrading delete node modules and the lock file and then reinstall dependencies. And if you're still seeing issues, you can uh try setting this module resolution in tsconfig.json. Another person here says that all they had to do was pnmp zod and then pmppm add zod 4.0.5 two weeks ago. So seems promising. Uh but here's what I found. This was also two weeks ago. In here you can see that I actually marked this for myself. if I added some emojis because this is what obviously helped me in my project. What this person did is they downgraded back to a working version of Zod. So in our case, let's see what is our ZOD version. So it's 3.24.2 and they're using 3.2567. So what if we went ahead and modified our ZOD version to this one first? Let's go ahead and try that. uh or actually you know we can also try doing this we can try PNPM remove zod let's try that so I think this is a good uh exercise to try and see how we can resolve this so let's first try PNPM remove zod because you know if we can use the newer version why not uh okay so I can't just do this directly in my root file I assume I have to filter to a specific place where I'm using it. Um h let's see what if I changed to this zod version in all of my places. So what if I did this change it here and in my package packages UI I also changed it to that version and what if I then run pnpm install in the root of my app. So that should now modify those two packages. Okay. And then what they did is they removed node modules and pmppm lock file. Should we do that as well? Let's go inside of apps and let's go inside of vidget because that's where we just added this. Uh let's do remove node modules. Okay. RMRF node modules. And I also mentioned removing PNBM lock file. Not too happy about that. But uh do I have let me just see do I even have that file there? I don't think I have that file inside of my widget. Yes, I do not have it. So let's just do rmrf node modules and let's go ahead outside of our app to the root. PNPM install again. Okay, let's try turbo dev now. focusing on the widget. This is the one we just modified. Uh let's try refreshing local host 3001. And it seems to be fixed. Seems to be working. [laughter] This is obviously how I fixed it in my initial project. Now I hope you managed to fix it as well because it looks like you will certainly come across this issue. So what I'm actually going to do is I'm going to well I mean you can I just told you how to find this issue but basically I suggest that you try any of these solutions that they're giving you here right but I think that this person has the the most similar example to ours here right so he's using hook form resolvers version five uh he's using a similar version like us looks like his is a little bit upgraded. I mean, theirs. Um, so I think this should be working because they're using PNPM and they're using turbo pack. Uh, ours seems to be working fine. What I would suggest now after just trying this also try turbo build. So just make sure that this didn't break the build. If the build passes, I think that's almost like uh well ours just failed. So let's see why. because of type. Perfect. That's actually perfect. Let's just quickly check this. So, uh sorry for being so over this. I just want to make sure that you can follow along. I don't want you to be stuck uh with an error because this is something new here that we are doing. Let's go inside of components widget footer here and let's fix this by just um let's just do this. It's easier to check. Okay, let's do turbo build. I just want to see is the build still failing because of this hook form or is it all good? I think we are all good if it passed the linting test. There we go. So, uh it's still building web. So, let's just wait for the web uh to see what's going to happen here because I want all three of them to pass. All right, here we go. All three builds successful. So I think that is as much proof as we can get that we fixed our issue. If the development is working, if Turbo Build is working, I have to assume that we fixed the issue. So uh we're going to probably have to revisit this problem very soon when we add the same packages to web. Right? So let me just quickly check our Zod version everywhere is 3.25.67 uh resolvers 5.2.0 zero and that seems to be okay. So I think um I think this is good. I think we can now go ahead and continue developing. Perfect. So let's go uh back inside of widget out screen here and we just added the first input here. Uh now let's go ahead and let's add the second input. So you can just copy this entire form field and just paste it below. And this one will control the email field. And for for example, put John do example.com. And the type here will be email type. And you can also add form message which is a self-closing tag beneath each form control. And what this will do is simply render any error if it exists. Now, outside of this self-closing tag, add a button with continue text. And let's go ahead and give it a disabled prop if form form state is submitting. Whoops. Size is large and type is submit. All right, let's refresh. Uh, oops. Yeah, make sure you have turbo dev running. uh and head to localhost 3001 and you should see your uh fields here. Perfect. Now let's go ahead and let's add uh let's first test the submit method. Right? So if you just press continue, you can see errors everywhere. But if you try test, if you try test here, it tells you it needs to be an address. And when you hit continue, there we go. We have the values email and name. Perfect. So now what we're going to do uh is we are going to go ahead and create the mutation to store our contact session. So const create contact session will be use mutation uh from convex react package and go ahead and add API from workspace backend generated API api.public contact sessions.create create. That's the one we need. Excellent. And the first thing I'm going to do here is I'm going to check if there is no organization ID. Uh because we need the organization ID. Uh yeah, slight problem here is that we are not passing the organization ID here and we are not going to pass it as a prop. Actually, we are going to pass it through our state management. So for now, just for now, I'm going to do const organization ID 1 to three and add a comment temporary uh test organization ID before we add state management. All right. So I'm going to continue writing the code as you normally would. If there is no organization ID, I'm going to break the function because uh we have to make sure that organization ID is present. And now we're going to create our metadata object. So this is where we basically add all of those fields. So user agent can be accessed to navigator dot user agent. Language uh well language can be accessed through navigator.language like that. Languages are an optional array. So you have to join it with a comma like this. Uh now you can access the platform but you can see it's deprecated. Uh even though I was able to extract the platform as I said you don't have to track all of these things from a user. I'm just giving you you know some interesting information that you can do here. So vendor screen resolution you can take the screen width and the screen height viewport size same thing. So these things are sometimes useful to debug to help debug your user like are they on mobile or are they on desktop right time zone use ENTL date format resolved options time zone then the time zone offset new date get time zone offset uh whether the cookies are enabled for the user and let's go ahead and try the referer or uh fall back to direct and the current URL. And I think that you might actually be able to uh give this a type of document contact sessions metadata like this. So if you try adding something like this, it will give you an error. And yes, you can import the doc from doc workspace backend generated data model. I think this is a little bit safer because it will uh warn you early if something's incorrect here. So, make sure that it matches your schema metadata. Excellent. And once you have that, you are ready to get the contact session ID through await create contact session and pass in I think we can just spread the values and then metadata and organization ID. I think that is it. Perfect. Um, so now after this, what we're going to do is just console log the contact session ID. That's the only thing we're going to do for now. Uh, and let's also prepare our convex dev simply so that we can actually check in the database is it created or not. So inside of my echo tutorial here, inside of my data contact sessions, there we go. It's currently empty. So, I'm going to go ahead and create Antonio. Antonio.com. Continue. And we have the contact session back. Perfect. And in here, we have the email. We have the metadata for the user. You can see all of that information about uh where I come from, all of those things. Perfect. And organization ID, which is just a mock. Uh as well as when this will expire, right? So you can see that this will expire in 24 hours which uh according to my date is correct. Perfect. So that obviously works. So in the next chapter we're going to implement the actual uh well saving this into the local storage and uh the state management and maybe redirecting the screens so we can initiate a conversation finally. Perfect. So let's go ahead now and let's mark this as completed. So we added a table, the functions, and created the widget out screen. And now let's go ahead and push this to GitHub. So 10 widget session. Let me just go ahead close this. Add all changes. 10 widget session. Let's commit. Let me open a new branch. 10 widget session. And I'm going to publish the branch. Then I'm going to go inside of my Echo tutorial repository here. And I'm going to compare and pull request. And let's see what code rabbit has to say about this change. And here we have the summary by code rabbit. We introduced a user authentication form that collects name, email, and browser metadata with validation and back-end submission. We also added backend support for creating set contact sessions including a new database table and mutation for storing user and metadata information. So what I find very cool about code rabbit here is that its sequence diagram here looks so familiar almost like the one I presented to you in the beginning. Right? So this is the one that I manually created so I have some more information because I know how it will behave in the future. Right? But it's super impressive how Code Rabbit itself managed to recreate that without ever seeing that diagram. That's exactly what we do. We submit form name and email in the widget out screen. We validate the import via zone. We collect browser metadata and we then submit that form data with the metadata and then we insert the contact session record and bring back the session ID. Perfect. So in here uh it left a few comments all completely valid but some we know are temporary like this organization ID. This is completely temporary. We are going to change this in a different way. We are not going to be passing props here uh in here. Definitely a good suggestion. It recommends handling this instead of try and catch to log some errors. We're going to do that in the next chapter. We're going to add some error logging. uh in here it suggest validating instead of type v string to use v email. The problem is this is in the convex back end. So I have to research if they have validators for email or not. Definitely good suggestion. And another very good suggestion here. We should always validate if the organization ID that we are passing and creating the contact session uh into actually exists. Right? uh the this is a little bit problematic because organizations are handled externally. So we're going to see how we're going to do that. Uh in my original tutorial, I don't think I've validated that. But very very good idea to do this. Uh when I say my original tutorial, I meant my original source code. Excellent. Very good suggestions. I will keep all of them in mind, especially the error handling and organization. uh validation. Perfect. Now, let's go ahead and let's go inside of our main branch. Let's synchronize our changes here. Perfect. And once they've been synchronized, I always like to revisit the graph to confirm we detached in the chapter 10. And we merged it back into our app. I believe that that marks the end of this chapter. We successfully pushed to commit. We've committed the changes, pushed them, and reviewed the PR. Amazing job, and see you in the next chapter. In this chapter, we're going to develop the widget screen router. This is basically going to be our own custom routing system using Yotai as our state management. And my apologies in advance if I'm pronouncing it incorrectly. Basically, the reason we are doing this and not using Nex.js JS routing which is completely fine by the way you can implement it uh with that too. Uh but I kept thinking about this vidget application and I just feel like it's a very very small app. Uh and the reason I initialized it with Nex.js is so I can share components from chat. So I have the exact same style. That was why, right? But I keep thinking of it as a very very lightweight component that could easily be moved into just react with uh vit or something like that. So for that reason, I don't want it to depend on nex.js routing. So that's why we're going to implement our own. So let's start by adding the yota uh package. So let's go ahead inside of here. PNPM F widget add yai. Feel free to correct me in the comments how to pronounce this if I'm doing it incorrectly. Perfect. So, we just added that package here inside of our widget package. JSON. Now, let's go inside of vidget and let's go inside of components inside of providers here. Uh, and how about we import provider from our new package. And let's go ahead and add it here. like this. And now what we can do is we can create vidget atoms. So let's go ahead inside of the vidget app and I'm going to go inside of modules here inside of vidget and I will create atoms. And I'm going to go ahead and call this vidget atoms.ds. in here. Let's go ahead and let's import atom and let's go ahead and create the first one. So basic widget state atoms export const screen screen atom will be atom and the default screen will be loading for example. And now let's actually create a type and some constants to actually define all possible screens in our app. Inside of the vidget module here, I'm going to go ahead and create types.ts. And I'm going to export const widget screens as an array. And these are all the possible options. error loading selection voice out inbox chat and contact as constant and let's also export con contact session key and in here I recommend that you add like a little prefix like echo contact session echo would basically be your app name something so it doesn't conflict with some other app, right? Because this will be our local storage key. We are not going to use it now, but I think it's cool uh to add it already here since we are defining and my apologies, these aren't the types. These are constants like that. Now, in the same widget module, let's create the types. And the only type we're going to have will be using the widget screens. So let's go ahead and import widget screens from modules UI my apologies widget constants export type widget screen will be a type of widget screens and then just an index to access it and when you hover over you can see all the possible options. Now, let's go back inside of our widget atoms and let's go ahead and type it correctly like this. And I like to use modules widget types. And there we go. So now if you try something else, you will get an error, right? We can only do specific screens like AL. So change it to AL actually because that is the current screen that we have. Uh like this. Now let's go ahead inside of our widget view. So that is inside of modules widget UI we have views here. So widget view like that. And in here uh what we're going to do is we're going to import use atom value from yi. Let me just remove this imports. Don't need them. So, import this like that. And then uh let's go ahead and set const screen here to be use atom value. And inside of here, let's go ahead and let's add screen atom from Adam's widget atoms. And I'm just going to replace this with modules widget uh UI screens. and this too. You don't have to do this. I just really like it this way. All right. So, now that we have the screen here, let's create a constant screen components. And now for the error, let's go ahead and add error to. Let's just add to-do like this. And now let's go ahead and do the same for all other options. So just like this error loading out voice inbox selection chat and contact. Now the only screen that we actually have here is the out screen. So we can already use that. So widget out screen and it's a self-closing tag like this. And then inside of here let's remove this and instead let's do screen components screen. Just like that. And now since inside of our vidget atoms we set the ALF to be default. If you actually run turbo dev and head to localhost 3001 because that is where our uh vidget component is you will see AL here right but if you change this to loading for example you will see to do loading right so that is our little internal uh uh routing system here. So let's go inside of the widget view now. And what I want to do now is I want to create uh the error screen. And I want actually uh let me see what is the best course of action here. Well, actually it doesn't really make sense to go anywhere right now because we can't really develop any other screen before we finish the loading screen. The loading screen will ensure that we have organization ID that we have verified the organization ID uh and that we are then ready to redirect the user to either the out screen or to the selection screen. So in the next chapter, we're going to develop the loading state and we're also going to implement the ability to save our contact session inside of local storage for each organization ID. So that's why I want to separate uh those chapters simply because in this chapter I just want to focus on adding our state management as we just did uh and adding the atom values here screen atom. So let's go ahead and end the chapter here. So I'm going to add all of this uh changes here. So we did all of this. We added our state management, created the atoms, defined the screens, and created the router. So 11 widget screen router. Let's go ahead and commit. Let's go ahead and create a new branch 11 widget screen router. And let's publish this branch. And let's go ahead and let's review our changes just to see if there is something uh seriously wrong with the app. I always like to do a double check with code rabbit. Uh especially because it notices security issues before we do. Uh and that's something important especially with the anonymous part of this app which is the chat box where anyone can submit anything and this one was fairly simple. So we introduced dynamic screen rendering in the widget allowing different views such as out error loading etc to be displayed based on the current state. We added new constants and types to support multiple widget screens and session management. We also added new dependency to enhance state management capabilities. The only comment that was left here uh was to add organization ID, but we're actually not going to do that because we're going to be using the atoms to store organization ID uh as well as some other things of course. So, we can go ahead and merge this pull request. No other comments. Perfect. Uh, and after this pull request has been merged, as always, make sure to go back inside of your main branch and just synchronize the changes. So that you have a graph that looks like this. We detached to implement the screen router and then we merged it back here. Amazing. That is the end of this chapter and see you in the next one. In this chapter, we're going to implement vidget loading. So in order for our customer to use the vidget, we're going to have to confirm a couple of steps have verified. These steps will be loading the initial organization ID and then verifying that that organization is real. After that, we're going to have to load the contact session ID and verify if that contact session ID is active. So that's what we're going to have to do in this chapter. So, we'll learn how we're going to initialize this widget to allow the user to even uh begin making any actions. In order to do this, we're going to have to implement the error screen in case something goes wrong like a missing organization ID or an invalid organization ID as well as the convex functions to uh validate the organization and to validate the contact session. So let's go ahead and start with a very simple add error screen task. So in order to do that, we go inside of our widget. We go inside of modules widget atoms. Inside of the widget atoms, let's go ahead and just add a very simple error. Well, actually, we don't need a uh comment for this. It's pretty self-explanatory. Error message atom. So in here I'm going to go ahead and define this atom as a string or null. And by default it's going to be null just like this. So now let's go ahead inside of UI and inside of screens and let's go ahead and let's create widget error screen.tsx. Now in here what's important is to mark it as use client. Let's import use Adam atom value from Yai. Let's go ahead and import our alert triangle icon. Let's import our error message atom from modules widget atoms widget atoms which we just created. And let's import our widget header from modules widget UI components widget header. Let's export const widget error screen here. And the first thing we're going to do is we're going to grab the error message. And we can grab it very easily by combining the use atom value and error message atom. And now in here, let's go ahead and return empty fragment. Let's add the widget header like this. And what we can do is we can just copy the one from the out screen for example. So this just copy it add it here like that and then in the div here let's go ahead and give it the class name flex flex one flex column items center justify center gap Y4 and padding four. Let's add the alert triangle icon. Let's give it a class name text muted foreground. In fact, we can give it to the entire parent div here. And below the icon, add a paragraph in which you're going to render the error message or invalid configuration by default. And let's give this a text small. So now let's go ahead inside of our widget view component where we initialize our screen components and let's replace the error with widget error screen just like that. Make sure you have added the import and I'm just going to go ahead and copy this. Once you've done that, go inside of your vidget atoms and change this to error. Go ahead and run turbo dev and make sure you are on localhost 3001. And you should see invalid configuration here. And if you go ahead and change this to whoopsie, you will get that text written here. Perfect. Now, let's bring this back to make sure it's still working. So just ensure that inside of your widget view which you can locate inside of apps widget modules views widget view you have added a new widget out screen. Uh my apologies widget error screen. Excellent. So that was the first step. That was an easy vin. And now what I want us to do uh is I want us to implement these convex functions. Organizations get one and contact sessions.validate. So, let's actually go ahead uh and let's do the contact sessions first. So, I'm going to go inside of my packages backend convex. And now in here, we're going to go inside of public contact sessions and we're going to export const validate mutation. Let's add arguments contact session ID to be v ID contact sessions. Let's add a handler with context and arguments here. And let's go ahead and check if contact session exists by doing await context database get arguments contact session ID. So if there is no contact session in the first place, we're going to go ahead and return an object with a valid false reason contact session not found. Now let's check if contact session expires at is smaller than I mean less than date dot now. Make sure to use contact session this variable that we have and return the same thing with a different message contact session expired. Otherwise return valid true and the contact session just like that. Perfect. So that is our mutation to validate the contact using the contact session ID. Uh now what we have to do is we have to find a way to validate the organizations. So let's go ahead and do the following inside of public here. Create organizations.ts and in here let's import V from convex values. And instead of mutation, we're going to have to import an action. So what is the difference between action and mutation? Well, I think it might be a good idea to try and do mutation first. You're going to see what happens. So let's export const validate here. Action arguments. My apologies. I just told we're going to use mutation. So mutation arguments organization ID string handler asynchronous function with context and arguments. And inside of here we are going to validate our organization. The only way we can do that is by pinging a clerk. So what we're going to do is we're going to import create clerk client from clerk backend. The only issue is we don't have clerk backend installed. So let's go ahead and let's do pnpmf backend add clerk backend because that's where we have to add it into our backend package and once you've added it you will see a package json modified inside of your packages back end so 2.6.1 6.1 is my version. And now let's go ahead and let's define the client. Const clerk client will be create clerk client. Secret key will be process. environment clerk secret key. Now the only issue here is that we don't have the clerk secret key added here. So let's go inside of enenvironment.local local and let's do clerk secret key here and we can actually find this secret key inside of our apps web. So inside of here environment local you should have clerk secret key. So go ahead and copy it. If for whatever reason uh you cannot find it, you can go to your clerk dashboard into your echo project here and you can find your API keys here in the configuration. There we go. Clerk secret key. So basically just find your clerk secret key and paste it here. And also what I would suggest you do is go inside of your convex dashboard here. Go inside of your echo tutorial settings environment variables add and add that here as well. Just like that. Perfect. Now we can go back inside of your organizations here. Now that you have the clerk client and you can also do this here just in case. Let's go ahead and open try and catch block here. Await clerkclient dot organizations.get Get organization. Organization ID will be arguments. Organization ID return valid true like that. And in here return valid false reason organization not found like that. And now let's go ahead and let's do turbo dev and let's focus on the back end to see if this will work or not. So I think the functions might actually be completely ready. That's perfectly fine. But this actually won't work until you try and fire it. So let's test that out by going inside of convex here and going inside of your functions and find public organizations validate. Click run function and inside of organization ID go ahead and pass one two three and click run mutation. Uh oh looks like it does work. Maybe I'm doing something incorrectly here. Or maybe it works because we're using the convex dashboard. Uh I'm going to show you what I was trying to demonstrate here. So convex has actions which are used to call thirdparty services such as stripe, open AI, things like that, right? So basically whenever you are doing some kind of fetch to a third party service, you should be doing action instead of mutation because mutation doesn't have access to fetch. Uh, so what I think happened here might be convex error. So let me go ahead and at least try and log the error here so I can see if I'm correct or not. And maybe in the logs here. Can I catch that error? Okay, never mind. How about we just add it to our project? Let's keep it as a mutation because I am interested now. Maybe I'm teaching you incorrectly. So I want to make sure to uh improve on that. We can replace this with an empty underscore to indicate that this will not be used. All right. So now that we have added uh the other two things that we wanted convex functions, let's go ahead and let's add the loading screen. Let's go inside of apps widget modules UI screens. And you can copy the error screen and paste it here and rename it to widget loading screen. Change this to widget loading screen. Just like that. Now the widget loading screen will be a little bit different. Uh the first thing we're going to have here is a prop organization ID and it's going to be uh either a string or null. and go ahead and pass the organization ID here like that. And now when you have the widget loading screen, go back inside of your widget view component where you added the widget error screen and add it to the loading and pass the organization ID here. And technically, it's also kind of optional here. So that's important. If you want to, you can put loading in the first uh item here. It doesn't matter. The order doesn't matter. It's just an object. But just like mentally to help you, loading will be the first route that's actually loading here. So, for now, let's go ahead and uh change this to be loading like that. And you can remove the you can use the loader icon from Lucid React. And you can give it class name animate spin like that. And remove the alert triangle icon. And then go inside of your widget atoms and change the default screen to be loading. Make sure you have widget running on local host 3001. And there we go. Loading is the first screen that appears. So now what we have to do is we have to do a series of steps that will help us um ensure that the widget is ready and functional for the user to use it. So let's go back inside of the widget loading screen and in here let's create a type in it step. Let's make it either storage or organization or session or settings or voppy. And finally done. And now let's go ahead and add some uh states here. So I'm going to uh I'm going to remove Okay, this is what I'm going to do. I'm just going to switch the use atom value to be use set atom from yai like that. And this will then be set error message like this. And then in here I'm going to do step set step use state which is a type of init step and the first step will actually be organization like that. So let me just remove this. We actually don't need storage. It's just going to be organization and import use state from react like that. Let's also add session valid and set session valid here to be use state and by default let's go ahead and let's make it false. Now let's quickly go back inside of our widget atoms and just as we've added the error message Adam let's do export con loading message Adam null by default string null like that and then we're going to go ahead and do loading message use atom value loading message Adam just like that. All right. So now let's just uh modify this slightly. So instead of this, it's going to be either loading message or loading like that. So now it should just be loading. Perfect. Uh and now let's go ahead and let's use use effect to try and validate the organization. So I'm going to open use effect here from React. Make sure you import it. And just above this I'm going to say validate organization. And I'm going to do use mutation here from convex react. And I'm going to pass in the API from workspace backend generated API. Public dot organizations validate like that. And what I'm going to do now is I'm going to check if this is the step it needs to be. So if step is not organization, we are not going to do anything in this function. So we immediately break it. And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to check if there is no organization ID present. So if what this was passed isn't present for whatever reason, set error message immediately to be organization ID is required and set screen which I have to add. So let's just do con set screen here. Use set atom screen atom. Make sure you have imported screen atom from modules widget atoms widget atoms and set screen to be error like that. So this is uh so let me just check and here I have to add step and I have to add organization ID. Yeah, linting is not perfect in this project. So make sure you have added uh step and organization ID here. Uh and I think that technically you also have to add set error message and set screen because they these are not usually you don't have to add setters but since this is from a third party package I'm not sure. So right now let's go ahead and let's refresh. You will see the error organization ID is required if you haven't passed anything. But if you try and add organization ID and make it one, two, three, you will just be stuck in the loading phase, right? Perfect. And what you can actually do is you can do set loading message. You also need that here. So set loading message. Loading message atom. set loading message to be loading organization ID like that and then you can see for for the first step you have loading organization ID so if you accidentally don't pass it you get an error organization ID is required that's how we are going to enforce that or maybe you can do just loading organization first and Then let's go ahead and do the following. Set loading message verifying organization like that. Let me add three dots here too. And then what we're going to do here is basically the following. We're going to use the validate organization here. So validate organization and pass in the organization ID like that. And let's go ahead and do then result. And let's check if result as valid question mark boolean question mark dot valid. Okay, I think I did this incorrectly. Let me just check. Actually, I I think you should be able to just do if result valid. Yeah, I think you can just do that. Set organization. Let's go ahead and uh let's do the following here. So, we also need to add the organization ID atom. So export const organization idom atom string or null like this. So let's go ahead and let's add this setter const set organization ID use set atom organization ID Adam. So the reason we are setting the organization ID again is because the only way we can currently pass it around is through props. But if we just once set it in the atom, we can access it everywhere. That's why I want to do that here. Uh so technically you know we could also do that here the moment we pass that. So set organization ID and let's go ahead and let's make it uh okay actually yeah we can do it inside of here when we know it's valid. So set organization ID organization ID like that. Uh perfect. And actually this can call an early return. If there is no organization ID we set the screen to error and no point in going further and that way uh this function is safe. Um perfect. So if result is valid then we set the organization ID and we can also set the step here. Well we'll do that in a second but let's go ahead and first do else. Let's go ahead and do set error message and let's go ahead and use the result dot reason or um invalid configuration and set screen to be error like that. So there we go. You can now see uh something here is going on. And let me just go ahead and add one more thing. So I also want to add a catch method here just in case. So if it fails for some other reason, we're also going to do unable to verify organization and set screen to be error like that. Perfect. Okay. So now let's see what's going on by focusing on the back end here. Okay. So it says organization not found. Uh let me just see inside of validate organization. I think that's actually all correct. I was convinced that I need to use the action for this but looks like I don't. Uh but I will show you how you can do it with action as well because this is true. Organization not found. Let's do organization not valid and refresh. Verifying organization. It still says organization uh not found. Just a second. Okay, let's try again. There we go. So, I guess this needed to restart. Perfect. So, organization not valid if you pass just a random one two three number. But if I go inside of my organizations here and just copy the ID of one of them in my clerk dashboard. So, I have a valid organization ID. Let's check that. Ah, see organization not valid. Well, I think that now uh we are encountering the problem that I was telling you about. I think that this needs to be an action. So, let me just go ahead and check just in case. Console log arguments organization ID. Okay, let's wait for the this to deploy and then let's try. Okay, let's go inside of logs here. You can see that the organization ID is fine. So, I think that this should be working just fine, but it's not throwing errors. Let's try and replace this with action as intended. And then we just have to modify instead of use mutation do use action here from convex react and remove use mutation. Let's see if this changes now. Let's first wait for all of the functions to deploy. Let's refresh. Okay. And yes, make sure you're using the proper ID. So always double check that. I have a bunch of local host opens. So yeah, make sure you are using just a single one. And there we go. Now it's staying at verifying organization. So it looks like it it needs to be an action. Let me try one more time. I'm changing this to mutation and I'm changing use action to use mutation. I have the proper organization ID and you can see it says organization not valid. But that's not correct. This is a valid organization. But you need to use use action and inside of your organizations you need to use action instead of mutation. That is because mutation environment doesn't have access to fetch and clerk client in the background uses fetch to their API to get to get the organization. The only reason thing I'm kind of concerned about is that we're not getting any errors about that because usually I get alerted whenever I try to use fetch within mutation. So let me just try moving this outside like this. And let's always return valid true. Let's do const organization like that maybe. So if organization is present valid true else return valid false reason organization not valid. Will this maybe trigger it or not? Okay. So it still says that everything is fine. use mutation. Let me refresh. Now it says unable to verify organization and we have an error and it says it now it's behaving properly. Okay. And I think that we finally got the error that I wanted to get this entire time. Basically this is the type of error that you would get. The problem was we encapsulated it within try catch. Right? So that was the problem. But you can see that you get errors if you try to use uh fetch or any SDK which wraps fetch instead of mutation. So that's why we're using action. So my apologies for uh doing all this just to prove a point. But I want you to understand that I don't want you to just blindly follow what I do. That's why I want you to learn Convex. Whenever you are calling a third-party SDK, you need to use action instead of mutation and you need to use use action on the front end. Let's refresh again. There we go. Now it works, right? No errors. Perfect. So make sure you're using action in the organizations. DS file and use action on the front end. Beautiful. And now that we have done that, uh, if we succeed, let's go ahead and let's do set step session like that. And that's going to be another use effect here. So I'm kind of creating sequential uh use effects here. Uh, and also we should add all of these. So we have step we have organization ID set error message set screen we should also do set organization ID we should do set step basically everything that we are using here uh and let's also add validate organization here like that I think the only thing that's missing ing is loading message, a set loading message. Add that too. The reason you need to add this is because during build you will most likely get errors. Uh it will fail because it's missing. It won't be able to lint that. All right. So that was step one, right? Let's go ahead and mark it as step one. Validate organization. And now we're going into step two validate session if it exists like that. So what we need to do here is we need to add validate contact session and this will be use mutation from API.public contact sessions validate. So why is this use mutation? Well, because our validate contact session inside of packages backend public contact sessions doesn't use any third-party API. This just uses the convex database. That's it. That's why we can put it inside of mutation. That's why we do that. All right. Now, back inside of the widget loading screen here, the first thing we do is the protection. If this step is not about the session, let's look at do an early return. There's nothing for us to do inside of here. And now what we have to do is we have to add the contact session ID atom. So let's go inside of the widget atoms here. Uh and let's go ahead and let's add organization scoped contact session atom. And I'm going to explain what this is in a second. So const contact session ID is going to be uh the following. It actually can't be just this. It needs to be export const contact session idom family and then use atom family uh which you have to import from yi utils. So import family from yai utils and also import atom with storage. So we can immediately store it in the local storage. So Adam with family will accept an organization ID which is a type of string and it's required and it's going to return Adam with storage like this. And inside of here, what we're going to do is we're going to use our constants, which is the contact uh session key. So, let's go ahead and open our back text here. So, contact session key like that. And then go ahead and add another underscore here, organization ID like that. And then let's go ahead and add a third argument. Uh is this third argument? Let me just check here. There we go. Like that. Add null. So what just happened here? What is this? Well, here's the problem. You can just use Adam with storage like a normal constant contact session ID atom with storage some key null. You can do that, right? But the problem is we need to store different keys for different organization ids. We can't do an object and then or id inside and then the session because local storage uh values have limits. We are better off using index db for that. But we can still simply create an atom family to derive atom with storage and a specific organization ID. So now our local storage will be full of the following examples. We're going to have echo contact session and then organization ID and then that's going to hold your user ID inside. That's how it's going to look like. That's why we created the contact session ID atom family. And now we can go back inside of the widget loading screen. And here at the top we can extract that atom. So I'm going to do const contact session id that we need is use atom value contact session ID atom family and pass in the organization ID and organization ID is available from here like that and this is use atom value like this. Uh and let me just see. So yeah, this is a little bit tricky uh because we're trying to protect ourselves against organization ID not being null. So we can use like this little trick I guess because even if this happens if it happens that this is empty, we are simply going to show the error screen. The problem is we need to initialize the hook above that step. Right? So let's just leave it like this for now. And basically now we have the contact session ID uh extracted from that specific local storage value with combination of the organization ID. So each organization has its own key in the local storage. And now what we're going to do inside of the uh step two which is to validate the contact session. We're first going to check if we don't have the contact session ID which is perfectly fine. We're just going to set the uh is session valid to false. This is our internal set state here because that's completely fine. The user doesn't have to be authenticated, right? The session can expire. Uh and inside of here, you would return early and simply set step to be done because uh we are finished in this case. There's nothing more for us to do. And now let's do set loading message here. validating session and we can actually do let's be consistent here. So this will be finding organization ID. Let's now do the same thing here. Finding contact session ID because that's what we're doing in this step. You can remove this error loading messages later, but I just want us to know what we're doing at each step. Now we're validating it. So let's go ahead and do validate contact session contact session ID contact session ID like that then result and let's go ahead and do set session valid will be result dovalid and I think that there is a type error here that we are not seeing contact session ID requires ID contact sessions. But this is looks like it's a type of never. Uh so let's just go ahead and give it a type of as ID contact sessions and import ID from workspace backend generated data model. So the reason I'm fixing this is because we're going to get errors in build. That's why we need to take care of these things uh before they happen. And now let's go ahead and let's do set step here to be uh done because we're done at this point. And let's add a catch just in case this fails for some unknown reason. Let's do set session valid to false and set step here to be settings like that. Perfect. Uh and now let's go ahead and let's add all the dependency arrays that we need. So step contact session ID uh validate contact session and set loading message like that. Perfect. So let's see what's going on now. So you can see now it's finding contact session ID and it can never find the contact session ID. So yours should be stuck in finding contact session ID as well because after that what we do is we do an early return. We couldn't find the contact session ID. So in your application here if you go and inside of local storage uh now you can see that I have a key ignore that that's because of my testing of this app right but yours is empty so it cannot find the contact session ID so after it determines that it cannot find the contact session ID you have to define what to do and my apologies not settings done in here in the cache method done. And now let's go ahead and let's do uh use effect here. Another one if step is not done early return otherwise let's check if we have a valid session by checking if we have the contact session ID and if the session is valid and then set screen dynamically. So if has valid session is going to be uh selection otherwise it's going to be out and let's go ahead and let's add all the necessary dependency array items step contact ID session valid and set screen because that's all that we are using here and if you refresh now you should be redirected to the out screen right so every single time that you go on to localhost 3001 with valid organization ID in the URL without anything in your local storage, you will be redirected here. But if you accidentally forget your organization ID, it won't even let you create an account because we have no idea why you came here or if you accidentally enter the wrong organization, you will be unable to verify the organization. Perfect. So only if you have the correct organization ID are you able to proceed further. So now let's go ahead and do the following. Let's go inside of widget out screen right here. And now instead of the widget out screen, let's go ahead and let's change let's save the contact session ID. So this is what I'm going to do now. I'm going to add con set contact session ID to be use set atom from yai. Make sure you imported it. Contact session ID atom family and pass in uh the organization ID which we currently don't have. So let's obtain it. Organization ID use atom value. Organization ID atom. At this point, we should already have the organization ID because of our loading screen, right? Because we would show an error, but we are still going to have to because of types pass in organization ID or empty string, but only because of types. And now that we have that, uh, let's go ahead and go instead of set contact session ID. And let's simply set it here. Contact session ID. Let me just say so this is uh okay it has a specific type. So let me just see how can we improve this instead of public contact sessions create. This is a type of ID contact sessions and we return that back a wait create contact session but in here it's described as this. Okay. So, can I do as string here or as id contact sessions? Let me just check. Okay, why is this throwing a type error? So, the first thing I'm actually going to do is I'm going to go back inside of my widget at Adams. And how about we give this atom family uh and atom with storage here a proper type. So you can do that uh by going here Adam with storage before the parenthesis and open pointy brackets and give it a type of ID open pointy brackets again contact sessions or null like that. So let me try and I'm going to try and make this function more readable for you because it's very hard to understand what's going on here. Uh is this any easier? Uh like this. If this is any easier for you, I don't know. Basically, the atom family function needs to return atom with storage and that atom with storage can be a type of ID from workspace back and generated beta model of contact sessions or it can be empty stored under this key and with the default value of null. So I think that technically if you add like one two three this should be an error because it's not assignable to type contact sessions. So that's how you know if you did it correctly. And now go back inside of the widget out screen and you can see that now this doesn't give us any errors. But if I tried one to three, this gives us an error because it's not a type of ID contact sessions. But this type and this type seem to be compatible. Even though this one looks different, but I guess that is the exact same thing. I don't know if you're still having problems, you can add as ID contact sessions, but for me it works this way. So now let's try this. Let's refresh. Let's try test and testample.com. And let's click continue. Uh and there we go. You can see now that we have echo contact session underscore and then our organization ID and then our value. So if I try uh refreshing now, there we go. I'm redirected to to-do selection. Perfect. And let me just double check something inside of my widget loading screen here. So, I'm just not sure what is the type of my contact session ID here. It's perfect. It is exactly what I want it to be. So, down here in the validating session, it's the correct type. And I don't think I no longer need this now. There we go. I can even use the shorthand operator like this. And maybe even make it like that. Perfect. So now I can remove the ID import. That is exactly what I wanted us to do. Perfect. So now since you have a valid organization ID token stored, you will always be uh redirected to selection. But only if this contact is valid because remember this contact can become uh expired if it if 24 hours pass because inside of the contact session create we expire it 24 hours from now. So we're later going to create additional methods which will refresh that token. Uh, but if you want to, what you can do is you can try just adding maybe 5,000. That's 5 seconds. So, let's remove this token from here. Let's refresh and let's do 5 seconds. 5 seconds atample.com. Let's click continue. Let's quickly refresh. Now it works. Let's wait. Let's wait. Let's wait. And there we go. You can see that even though I have the session ID now, 5 seconds has passed. So I have to log in again. That is how our out system works. So make sure to bring this back to 24 hours. But you can see that it works. So even though we have a completely valid session ID inside of our local host, since it's expired, we are no longer treating it seriously, right? And even now after you change this to 24 hours, that's still an expired session. We we no longer need it. So you're going to have to create a new one. Oops, I reversed the two, didn't I? And now this was updated. And let's refresh. There we go. And now we are redirected to selection because we have a valid account. So that is exactly what I wanted us to do. Amazing. Amazing job. So now we have a working uh loading screen which is used to find the organization ID, verify the organization using clerk, find the contact session ID which is dynamically generated using Adam family and the correct organization ID and then verify that session. So we achieved exactly what we planned out to do in what I believe was 10 widget session. This is exactly what we're doing now. Right? So we are validating the session using that stored contact session ID in the local storage except the contact session ID is stored along with the organization key so we know exactly for what organization it was made and we are also checking expiry here. Amazing amazing job. I believe that marks the end of this chapter. Uh we of course have to review our changes because we did a lot of them but I am super happy with how this turned out. It was a complex one, but I think you learned a lot uh and especially of how we practically implemented our own out here. I think that's always interesting. It's obviously not super super uh complex, but uh it's a good lesson in making these types of things, right? Because this is supposed to be very very low friction. So, 12 widget loading. Let's add all changes. 12 widget loading. Let's go ahead and let's commit. Let me open a new branch. 12 widget loading. Let's publish the branch. And then let's go ahead and let's review our changes. And here we have the summary by code rabbit. We introduced comprehensive loading and error screens with dynamic messages for improved user feedback during vidget initialization. We added validation for organization and contact session ids, ensuring only valid sessions proceed. Exactly. Vidget now reacts to organization changes and manages session state more robustly. Exactly what we did. And we also added back in support for organization and contact session validation as well as dependency to include clerk. So in here of course uh file by file change summary. But what I think is more interesting is the diagram here. Let's take a look at it. So the user loads the widget with specific organization ID. The widget loading screen is the first screen that appears because our atom screen atom is set to loading. That means that the first use effect that fires is a validate organization ID. The convex then runs the get organization clerk. Let me just see. I'm not sure what's behind this. Uh and basically clerk responds back with either organization found or not found. And depending on that we return back valid, false, false or true. So if the organization is invalid, we set the error message and set the screen to error because