idget settings that we can modify and load later on. And that's how we're going to allow an organization to customize their chatbox widget. For example, if they want their chatbox AI to greet users with uh hi there, they will be able to modify. If they want hello, they will write hello. And some default suggestions like commonly asked questions or things like that. And in here pretty logical the assistant ID and the phone number they want to use. After that is done as always double check in your workspace back end that you have that schema updated that the functions are ready. Great. And one important thing here is to add an index. So index by organization ID and let's use the organization ID field. That's the only index we need. Make sure that this adds an index here. Let's just wait a second. There we go. Index has been added. Excellent. Now, let's go ahead and let's create the customization view. For that, we're going to go inside of apps web modules and let's create a new module called customization. Inside, let's go ahead in UI views customization view.dsx. Let's mark this as use client. Let's export const whoops customization view. And let's return a div customization view. Then let's go ahead inside of apps. Let's go inside of dashboard customizations customization page and in the return customization view. As simple as that. And now in the widget customization, you should see customization view component being rendered. And now we can focus on that right here. So the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to get my widget settings using use query from convex react and API from workspace backend generated API and in oh I actually didn't create the functions so we can't do anything but yeah now we have to create the widget setting functions uh I went ahead of myself and created the front end but yes we have to go inside of back end we have to go uh inside of convex X private and let's create vidget settings DS and let's go ahead and do export const get one query let's import the query arguments are going to be empty handler is going to be an asynchronous method inside of here as always we have the context we have we don't need arguments since we don't have them now let's go ahead and just do our usual identity check here and organization check. Where are my widget settings? Here they are. So, confirm that the user is logged in and the user has active organization. If you've created a util, feel free to use that util, right? And now let's go ahead and very simply do const vidget settings. And let's do await context. database query widget settings with index by organization ID query query equals organization ID. Organization ID and return vidget settings. Just like that. Make sure your back end is running. So you have those new changes. And now in your customization view, you can use API private widget settings get one. And actually, yeah, no arguments needed because you can only fetch your current organization settings. It's not externally controlled. And now in here, let's go ahead and do JSON stringify widget settings. Uh oh, we have some errors here. Yes, we have some errors in the widget settings. We need to also add unique here. My apologies. After you do that, your functions should now work. There we go. Now, let's go ahead and refresh to see if the errors got fixed. And there we go. By default, it's null because, well, I have no widget settings available at the moment. Great. So now what I want to do is I also want to fetch my vap plugin. But actually I might want to leave that for later because right now in this chapter I only want to focus on building uh the the settings that we just defined in the schema. Then later we're going to add vap plugin as well. Uh let's go ahead and check if widget settings is equal to undefined. And in that case, let's go ahead and return a div class name minimum height of screen flex flex column items center justify center gap Y2 background muted and padding 8. Inside of here, let's add a loader 2 icon with a class name text muted foreground. And let's do animate spin. And let's add a paragraph loading settings. And let's give this a class name text muted foreground and text small. And now when you refresh this page for a brief second here, you should see loading settings like that. Excellent. And now that we have our loader screen, let's go ahead uh and let's add the actual component here. And now we're going to add to this div a class name flex minimum height of screen flex column bg muted and padding 8 instead of JSON stringify widget settings. Let's go ahead and let's limit how wide this screen will go using maximum width screen MD MX auto and full width. Now, inside of here, let's add a div. Let's go ahead and give it space y 2. And we're now going to use the exact same thing that we did inside of our uh let's see, vap view, I believe. So, head inside of your vap view. And in here, scroll down. Make sure that you're looking at the vap view component. And in here, we have the same thing. You see H1 and a paragraph inside. You can copy that. That's the div. And now you should see VP plugin here. Now let's just change the text. So this will be widget customization. And in the paragraph here, let's see. Customize how your chat widget looks and behaves for your customers. There we go. Now, outside of this div, let's create a new one. Let's go ahead and give it a class name margin top of eight. And inside of here, customization form. And inside of the customization form here, let's pass in initial data to be widget settings like this. Instead of your customization plug-in UI folder, go ahead and create components. And inside of here, create customization-form tsx. Now, inside of here, let's prepare the usual. Well, let's also add use client here. Actually, we don't need to add use client because uh the view itself has use client. So, let's import zod resolver. Let's go ahead and import z from zod. Let's import use form from react hook form. Let's import toast from soner. Let's import button. Let's import everything we need from our card component including the content, description, header, and the title. And let's go ahead and import everything we need from form. That will include form, control, description, field, item, label, and message. Now, let's go ahead and just add some control fields. So that's the input. We're going to need the separator to make it look good. I think this is the first time we're using the separator. It's just like any other components from our workspace UI components. And let's add text area because we will have some larger fields to fill here. Uh and before we go any further, I don't want to develop this until I actually uh create uh the widget settings function. So let's go ahead and quickly do that. So we can focus on the customization form here. But let's also focus on widget settings private convex function here. And just as we've created get one, let's go ahead and copy this now. And let's go ahead and do upsert. This will be mutation. So make sure you change that. And inside of the arguments for this mutation, you will basically be able to modify everything that you've defined in the schema. So greet message. Let's go ahead and import convex values. Besides uh greet message, you will also be able to modify all the default suggestions. So these ones always double check this with your schema. Right? Basically we can literally copy from here and you will be able to modify the VP settings. The only thing you won't be able to modify is the organization ID. Now in here you now have the arguments. We do the identity check. We do the organization check. And now in here we fetch the widget settings. And we are still going to need to do that. Let's just change the name of this to be existing widget settings because they're going to be used for a purpose of checking if we have widget settings or not. And let's simply do if existing widget settings. In that case, let's await context database patch existing widget settings underscore id greet message default suggestions and wy settings. And let's of course yeah do arguments. Can I just pass in the arguments here? I can. Perfect. Because they're identical, right? I don't have to. Usually we wouldn't do that because in the arguments we'd have some identifier like organization ID, right? But in this case we literally the entire values of our arguments are the values of this uh you can see if I just modify slightest thing like this I think I'm going to get errors here. Oh, I'm not getting errors. Yeah. Okay. That kind of worries me. I thought that it's going to be strict with that but it's not. Okay, then let's actually do it uh one by one rather than that. So, greet message arguments, greet message, default suggestions, arguments, default suggestions, WPY settings, arguments, WPY settings, and else. Let's go ahead and let's do await context database insert widget settings organization ID is the org ID of the current user greet message is arguments greet message default suggestions are arguments default suggestions and vap settings are arguments vapy settings there we Now we have our upsert function and we can go back inside of the customization form. Now let's go ahead and let's simply create the uh widget settings schema for all widget settings. So those are going to be Z.object greet message Z dot string with a minimum value of one greeting message is required. default suggestions which will be an object of three items inside and VPY settings which is an object of assistant ID and phone number. Each option inside of default suggestions and inside of VPY settings are optional. The only thing required is the greet message. Now let's go ahead and create type widget settings and let's remap that to document. import that from workspace backend generated data module and map it to widget settings so we don't have to type this every time. Now let's create interface customization form props initial data widget settings or null. Let's export const customization form and let's assign customization form props initial data. There we go. Now in here let's go ahead and let's return div form. Now we can go back inside of the customization view component and we can import the customization form. And you shouldn't have any type errors here. Now I do want to slightly just go back here and I also want to import vap plugin using use query API private plugins get one service vap uh let me see. Oh, okay. VPY like this. Then let's also mark this. If VPY plug-in is undefined, we can actually extract this and then use is loading. So, it's clear what this is doing. And um now that we have that, the only reason I'm using it for is so that I can pass it here. So has VPY plugin and let's simply go ahead and do the following. VPY plugin. Now let's go back inside of customization form and let's go ahead and let's add the new prop which is has vap plugin and we're going to make it a required boolean and now we can focus on this inside of here the first thing I want to do is create upsert widget settings use mutation and import use mutation from convex react and pass in API. Do do we have API import API from workspace backend generated API and then in here API private dot widget settings which we've just created. Now let's define the form. use form and let me just create the type form schema to be Z.infer type of widget settings schema. Now I have the type form schema and I can just easily add it here. Let's go ahead and let's add a resolver zod resolver. Pass in the widget settings schema. And for the default values, set the greet message to check if we have initial data question mark. Greet message or use hi, how can I help you today? Then for the default suggestions, suggestion one initial data question mark default suggestions dots suggestion one or empty string. And now do this for suggestion two and three. for the VP settings. Similarly, add assistant ID, initial data, VPY settings, assistant ID or empty string and same thing for phone number. And that's how we define our initial settings. Now let's go ahead and let's create our onsubmit method. So onsubmit will be an asynchronous method which accepts values type of form schema. Let's open try and let's open catch. In the catch let's do toast error. Something went wrong. And for development mode let's also have the error here and console error the error. Instead of try, let's go ahead and do const vap settings first so we process them correctly. So the assistant ID will be data vap settings. My apologies this isn't data, it's values. Dot assistant ID is equal to none. So why am I checking if it's equal to none? Because we're going to add our select field. And in this select field, we're going to allow uh our user to select literally value none. And this will be used to kind of reset if they just don't want to use an assistant ID. Right? So they can have VP connected, but maybe they just want to turn it off for whatever reason. So that's why I'm checking if they specify value none to the back end. I'm not going to send literal string and none because to the back end that is an ID that's a value. So I know that that's going to be just an empty string otherwise values vapy settings assistant ID and can I maybe use uh vidget settings vapy settings type in here so if I misspell something I get an error. I recommend you do that as well. Then copy this and change all of these instances to phone number. And this way we allow our user to reset value values of the assistant ID and phone number if needed. And now we can do await upsert widget settings greet message arguments my apologies. values greet message default suggestions values default suggestions and wy settings from the constant above after that toast success widget settings saved widget settings saved great now let's go ahead and let's develop our form so in here I'm going to use the form which we imported And I'm going to spread the form. Now in here I'm going to add a native form element with a class name space y 6 onsubmit form handle submit onsubmit. Then I'm going to add card card header, card title, general chat settings, then card description, configure basic chat vidget behavior and messages. Outside of card header, I will add card content. Card content will have form field which is a self-closing tag. And let's just add card content space y 6 class. The form field is going to have a prop control of form dot control. It's going to control the value greet message. And in order to do that we have to render an input field. So let's composite uh let's do the composition for this form label greeting message form control. Let's just misspel uh fix the typo and we're going to use the text area self-closing component. Spread the entire field inside. Give it a placeholder of welcome message shown when chat opens and give it rows three. And already you will see that we have this initial placeholder in case user doesn't didn't type anything. Hi, how can I help you today? Now let's go ahead outside of form control. Let's add form description here. The first message customers customers see when they open the chat and form message. My apologies. Yes, form message. This will display the errors if there are any. Now let's go ahead outside of this self-closing form field and let's render the separator component like this. So now we have the separator. Now let's open a div. Let's give the div a class name space y4. Let's open another div to enclose some elements here. Let's add an h3 element default suggestions. Let's go ahead and give this a class name margin bottom four and text small. Now we have the default suggestions heading. Inside of here, let's add a paragraph. And let's quickly describe what suggestions are for. Quick reply suggestions shown to customers to help guide the conversation. Give this paragraph a class name of margin bottom of four text muted foreground and text small. There we go. And now in here outside of this div, outside of this paragraph, another div with a class name space y 4. And inside of here, you can copy this form field and you can paste it inside of the first uh space here inside of this div. Let's go ahead and just indent this. This one is going to control default suggestions dot suggestion one. So let's add suggestion one. And instead of using text area, it's going to be using input because this will be a shorter message. And let's do for example, how do I get started? And no need for the description. It's already pretty descriptive. And now let's go ahead and let's copy this form field. Let's paste it below. This will be suggestion two. Suggestion two. And in here you can write something else just to make it look better. What are your pricing plans? And then let's do suggestion three. So I copied this again. Suggestion three here. And let's go ahead and do I need help with my account. There we go. Quick reply suggestions shown to customers to help guide the conversation. Now let's go outside of this card here and this will be VPY settings but only if has VPY plugin. So if we don't have VP plugin uh we we are not going to show this. So let me just extract this prop because we added it additionally. So you need to add it too. If we have Vapi plugin, let's go ahead and add card. And let me just copy my card header from here so I don't repeat myself. Instead of general chat settings, this will be voice assistant settings. And in the description here, let's go ahead and do configure voice calling features powered by Vappy. So now this will only be visible to you if you have connected your voice assistant. So if you disconnect you will not have this widget settings. So I would highly recommend that you uh have this connected in case you you forget your um [clears throat] your API keys. You can always just head to AWS. Let me just log in. So head inside of the secrets manager in here the latest one will be uh well the latest one you added. So click on your secret and click retrieve secret value. And in here you have your private and public API key. So you can see if I click disconnect here and remove my plug-in and go inside of widget customization widget settings are not visible. But if I then go ahead and connect and let me just copy the private API key and add it into the private API key field and do the same thing with the public. This way you don't always have to have the dashboard open. There we go. If the numbers can fetch, you configure it correctly and you can now go inside of your settings and there we go. You have a voice assistant settings. So make sure you have that so you can actually see what we're developing here. And now outside of this card header here, let's go ahead and add card content, let's go ahead and do class name space Y six. Let me just see what part was not indented correctly. This is not indented correctly. And this. And for now, let's do to-do vap settings because I just want to wrap up this form by adding it a div. and adding a button save settings and giving it a disabled prop if form form state is submitting is true and give this a type of submit and let's give this a class name flex and justify end. And now in your settings down here you will have the save settings button and this should already work even if this isn't developed. So what I suggest you do is go to convex.dev dev. Let's log in here and let's specifically go inside of our dashboard. So, echo tutorial here. Instead of your data again, if this is closed, sometimes it can look like this. So, you can just click on tables and it will open. Find widget settings. And right now, there are none. So if I go ahead and change this to uh hulo and change this to suggestion one, suggestion two and leave the three empty and click save settings. Vidget settings saved. If I refresh, let's see it's working. I don't even need to check the database because if I can refresh and the settings stayed, it means they're loaded correctly. But yes, we can see them here. suggestion one, suggestion two, greet message, organization ID, and you can see how VPY settings are just empty because we haven't done any. So, uh, if your upsert data is correct inside of the widget settings, it should work. If something's not working, double check your upsert mutation here. And double check your get one mutation as well. Maybe something's wrong there. Or if you're not seeing values here, it could be that inside of your customization form, you have forgot to fill the default values, right? Make sure you're using the initial data that you pass from the customization view widget settings right here. Great. Now, let's go ahead and let's develop the UI for adding the VPY plug-in form fields. So since this is a pretty large component and we are going to need to load VPY numbers again I want to separate this in its own component. So inside of components here create VPY form fields tsx. And now let's create an interface vapy form fields. uh vap form field props form will be a type of use form return from react hook form and pass in z.infer infer and then pass if type of off and okay this is what we're going to do first import zot then go back inside of customization form and let us export form schema and then you will be able to just add form schema from slashcustomization form and you no longer need zod So this is a type. I'm not sure if this is maybe a circle or uh import now. I think it's okay. Worst case scenario, you can just copy the entire widget settings schema. And let's add disabled optional boolean. Now let's export const VPY form fields. Let's go ahead and let's assign VPY form field props. Let's get the form. Let's get disabled. And in here, the first thing we're going to do is fetch our VP assistance from our hook which we have optimized in the very first few minutes of this chapter. Let's get the data which we can remap to assistance and is loading which we can remap to assistance loading. Let's duplicate this. Let's do use phone numbers. Use VPY phone numbers from the same import. Phone numbers. And let's do phone numbers loading. Perfect. Now, let's go ahead and let's return an empty fragment. And inside of here, we need to again add our form elements. So, let me just go ahead and let's add form control, description, field, item, label, and message. But besides that, we also need our select element. Select content item trigger and value. Once you've done that, you can go inside of your customization form and just copy a form field so it's easier so we don't have to write it all over again. And let's go ahead and let's add a form field within these fragments here. Let me just fix the indentation. And what we're going to control first is VP settings dot assistant ID. So let's change this to be voice assistant instead of text area. We're going to be using select. So remove the placeholder and remove the rows. Now select works a little bit differently. For starters, it is not a self-closing component and it's not going to have all the elements of the field. It will only have field dov value and it will have onvalue change. So field onchange here it's going to be disabled if assistance is loading or if the form is disabled overall using this prop right here. But the composition behind this select is a little bit different. So for now you can actually remove the form control and remove the description and remove the message. So just have form item and then form label and then select here and then inside add form control and then select trigger and then select value. Now the select value is actually a self-closing tag which will going which is going to have a placeholder which will depend if assistants are loading in that case it's going to be loading assistants otherwise it will be select an assistant and then let's go ahead outside of form control and let's add select content And let's do a composition for that. So this is just composition of how you build select components within a form using chats UI. Right? These are just the rules. As simple as that. In case you're wondering why am I not explaining why this is outside of form control. I don't know why it's outside of form control. It's the rules, right? It probably has some sense, but I don't really learn uh that that much in depth. It's enough for me to know how I have to do it. and maybe check the documentation if I mess it up. But I don't go into such depths of learning exactly why select content composition has to be outside of form control. I'm sure there's some logical explanation, but I just want to get it to work. So instead of select content, we add select items. Select item. First one will be our none option with the value none. And I hope now it's clear. We're going to allow the user to select this. Uh this should render now. Why is it not? Oh, because we are not passing the vap form fields. Let's do that. Uh, instead of the customization form down here, we have to do VPY settings. Let's now do VPY form fields and pass in disabled. Uh, actually we don't need disabled prop because we have the entire form prop here. So import vapy form fields and inside of here we don't need disabled because we have the form and we can just define our disabled con disabled form form state is submitting. There we go. All right. Now that you have that rendered you will see that you have an option to select none. And if you click save settings inside of our onsubmit method here in the customization form, you understand why we had to do this. We have to check if the user selected none. We don't we shouldn't submit this literal string to the database because in the database eyes this is a completely valid value, right? We know that that means empty string but as far as I know uh select component doesn't offer an option to do this. So we have to add one option ourselves and manually control its value. So that's why we did that whole thing. Great. Now we have this select item and now let's render the rest of the select items which can be as many assistant as the user has. So, assistance map get the individual assistant and inside of here render the select item assistant.name or unnamed assistant. And then let's go ahead here and let's add a space and let's render assistant domodel question mark domodel or unknown model and in here give it a key of assistant do ID and value of assistant do ID and now you will see that you're able to load Tom and Riley and their respective models so you can differentiate between them. Perfect. And outside of this select here, add a form description and simply write the VPY assistant to use for voice calls and form message to display if any form errors are here. Perfect. And now we can literally copy this form field and we can paste it and we can simply modify it for the phone numbers. So settings phone number this will be display phone number. This will be phone numbers loading. Loading. Do I have it? Do I not have it? Phone numbers loading. I'm having a typo somewhere, but I don't see it. Okay. Phone numbers loading. There we go. Uh, loading phone numbers. Select a phone number. This will be unknown and this will be unnamed. We are not iterating over assistance. We are iterating over phone numbers here. So this is a phone. So phone do ID phone do ID and for the value we can actually use either phone dot number or phone do ID and in here check if we have phone dot number instead of name and then it's going to be unknown or uh I mean in the second option it's phone.name name or unnamed. And this description will say phone number to display in the widget. And there we go. You can now select your assistant and you can select your uh display phone number and click save settings. And if we've done this correctly, let's first refresh to see if we've done it correctly. We did as you can see. So inside of here now if I go ahead and click in VPY settings you can see how we store the exact assistant ID and then you can see how this will help us because remember we have this use VPY which we created in chapter six I believe where we demonstrated how VPY works and remember we have to pass the API key which we now have because we store it inside uh of plugins and then we have the secret name and then we load AWS And then we have the customer's API key. But one more thing we needed was Vap's assistant ID and we now have that as well. So this hook is almost ready to be used again. This time with our customers information instead of ours. And that will mark the end of our white labeling journey which I say was very exciting to do something completely new we've done on this channel. Excellent. Uh so I believe that's all uh I wanted to do uh in this chapter here. One thing I'm a little bit concerned about is importing this form schema from customization form which then imports the vap form fields and I have no idea how this import got here. We don't need it. I am kind of concerned about this. We will see if code rabbit has anything to say about this. Uh, okay. I'll just do some research myself just for a second or you know I don't need research. I know what we can do. Let's just copy the widget settings schema and inside of customization here let's go ahead and let's create constants. DS. Go ahead and paste widget settings schema here. import zod maybe rename this to schemas just like that. So in here we keep widget settings schema and in the customization go ahead and create types.ts import widget settings schema from our newly created schemas and export type form schema z again from z.infer type of widget settings schema. There we go. And now we have this form schema. Now instead of our customization form, remove this. Remove uh [snorts] form schema and use the form schema from types and use the widget settings schema from schemas. There we go. Our newly created fields inside of the customization module here. So that's the customization form fixed. And now instead of vap form fields, we no longer have to do this circular import. We can just import from types. There we go. I think everything should still work perfectly fine. This was only settings change after all. Let's change this. And let's change this to Riley. And let's change this to none. And change this to something new. Save settings. Refresh. Everything works. Amazing, amazing job. I believe that marks the end of this chapter. So we added, we fixed floppy data hooks. We added widget settings, schema, functions, customization, view, customization form. And now let's go ahead and review our changes. So this is 26 widget customization. I'm going to go ahead and stage all of these changes. 26 widget customization. Let's commit. Let me open a new branch. 26 widget customization. And let's publish the branch. Now, let's go ahead and let's open a new pull request. Let me just go ahead. Uh oh, I just have to uh do some things for this branch to appear here. There we go. 26 widget customization. Let's create pull request and let's wait for the review to start. So I thought that instead of using the pull request review, how about we use the code extension review instead? So I'm going to go ahead and click review all changes using the free code rabbit extension which you can install as well. Of course, you don't have to do this. I just want to uh see if we made any crucial mistakes because code rabbit really does catch a lot of mistakes that we do. So this time instead of using it in the pull request here, uh I have stopped it here. So I'm going to use it via the code rabbit extension instead. You can find the extension by searching for code rabbit and it's a completely free AI code review. Uh, and you just have to connect your account that you're usually using for GitHub. And here we have the code rabbit review. So don't worry, I will not do any changes here. I already told you to start a new branch and I already told you to open a pull request. So don't worry, I will only use this as a guide on what to do in the next chapter. But we do have some mistakes here. Starting with the first one in the vap form fields here, I have a completely incorrect loading state variable. As you can see, I'm using assistance loading where I should be using phone numbers loading. So for now, I'm just going to reject the changes even though they are completely correct simply because I don't know if you already opened your branch. I don't want to make this complicated for you. I will just remember it for the next chapter. Excellent. So that's one uh error here. Let's see. add null checks and error handling for data fetching here. Uh I'm not sure if we have to do that because of the nature of how these hooks work from the inside because I think they are already safe. Not sure. Now let's go ahead and go inside of the customization form and see improve type safety for optional initial data properties. Let's see the suggestion here. The code assumes initial data properties exist without proper null checking. Let me see. Default suggestions. U the default suggestion object always exists. So that's not uh a problem. Same with VP settings. So if initial data exists, that's the widget settings schema. The default suggestions object must exist. inside these options are empty but the object itself exists. So that is good. Now let's go ahead and go inside of the customization view here. Let's see the issue here. Error handling. All right. Yes, we could add error handling, but for now I'm okay with just handling the loading state. And I think there's one more comment here. Improve type safety for organization ID. Oh yes, this um yeah, we could do that. But since this is coming from clerk, it's pretty safe already. And we've already done uh it this way everywhere. So I don't want to change anything. I want to be consistent. And this is pretty okay. Actually, it works fine. Excellent. So you can see this extension actually works super well as well. And you can even use the their magic AI button to fix all of the issues. They also have some nitpick comments but uh you can see we can just improve the structure or enhance error handling duplicated authentication logic things we already know. Uh excellent. Yes. So you can use the code rabbit extension as well. I didn't accept any of the changes for a simple reason. We already opened the branch. I don't want to confuse you. We're just going to fix the loading issue in the next chapter. And for now we can merge this pull request so that we have history of this chapter. This is 26 widget customization. And we can now go back inside of our main branch and we can recynchronize our changes here. And then we can go back inside of the source control. And let's double check in the graph. There we go. After VP data 26 vidget customization, everything is good. Make sure that you're on the main branch. You can click on this button as many times as you want. And let's go ahead and mark this as completed. That marks the end of this chapter. and see you in the next one. In this chapter, we're going to learn how to load our widget customization settings from the previous chapter into our separate widget app. We're going to start by doing a very simple default greeting message change. And then we're going to create public widget settings functions so that we can call them and query them within our separate widget app. And then using those widget settings, we will be able to load suggestions into the vidget chat box. Let's quickly recap exactly what we did in previous chapter so it's easier to understand. So I have turbo dev running and I'm going to go and visit localhost 3000. Inside of here, this is the last thing we developed. This widget customization uh screen allows me to change the greeting message, allows me to add up to three suggestions, and if I connect my voice assistant, it will also show me those settings. So just to remind you, you have to connect your Vapi account using your public and private API keys which you can find on the Vapi dashboard or you can visit your AWS secrets manager and in here you can find the private API key and just add it here and your public API key and just add it here. And once you've successfully connected, you will see your phone numbers and your AI assistance. This is our white labeling feature. And once you do that, you can see inside of here, you can modify your voice assistant settings. Now, let's go ahead and let's actually uh display this inside of our vidget chat box. So, if you go to localhost 3001, which is where we are developing our vidget application, you will see this error. Organization ID is required. So, just a quick reminder, you can find a valid organization ID by going into clerk organizations, selecting one organization that you have, and copy the organization ID. And after that, let me go ahead and just go inside of some random source code here so I can show you how you're supposed to do this. So, localhost 3001. And then you would add question mark organization ID and you would paste this here. So, that's exactly what I'm going to do here. localhost 3001 organization ID and there we go after that I can verify the organization and I can create my account so Antonio and Antonio.com this creates a complete new session for me and this is what we're going to change now so when I click start chat you can see that this is the default greeting message even though I clearly modified the greeting message right here for this exact organization so just be careful that you're using the organization ID that you have modified the general chat settings for. So be careful when you copy your ID here from clerk. Make sure that you didn't copy the old one because then you're not going to have this settings. So what we have to do now is we have to go inside of our uh conversations.create method and we have to modify this message. So that's an easy uh thing for us to do. Let me close this. Before you start any code, make sure that you are on your main branch and make sure that the last thing you did was widget customization right here. Perfect. Now, let's go ahead and go inside of our packages backend convex. Let's go inside of public conversations and let's find create mutation. The create mutation is the one which writes the default message. Hello, how can I help you today? And as you can see we we have added a to-do here later modify to widget settings initial message. So that's exactly what we have to do. So just before we uh load the thread ID and before we throw this error actually after we throw the error let's go ahead and let's load the widget settings. So const vidget settings is going to be await context dot database query vidget settings with index by organization ID get the query and inside of here query equals organization ID arguments dot organization ID and let me just fix the capitalization here and there we go and make sure you look for the unique one. And that's how you get the widget settings for the organization where you are trying to create a new conversation for. And once we obtain those vidget settings, what we can do here is vidget settings question mark. Greet message or the default message. And you can now remove this to-do. So if the vidget settings exist and if the greet message has been set, we're going to use that greet message. Otherwise, we're going to use the default one. So, now let's go ahead and try and start a new chat. And in here, you see now it's Hulu one, two, three because that's exactly what I changed here. So, if I just add hi there, how can I help you? And maybe add a couple of these question marks and click save settings and then refresh here again and click start chat. That's going to be the newest greet message. So, this was a very simple thing for us to do. That's why I wanted to do it first so we get a quick win early in this chapter. Now what we have to do is we have to load the suggestions. This is a tiny bit more complicated. Let's start by creating the public widget settings functions. So inside of our convex here we are already in the public folder. Let's create a new file widget settings.ts. Inside of this vidget settings, let's go ahead and let's import values from convex and let's import query from generated server. Let's export const get by organization ID query. Arguments are going to be organization ID which are a type of string. After that, let's add a handler which is going to be an asynchronous method. The handler will have the context and the arguments inside of here. We are simply going to fetch the organization settings uh the vidget settings exactly the way we did here. So you can copy this and just paste it here and it will work perfectly because we have the same organization ID arguments. And after that just return vidget settings. As simple as that. Now that we have created this, we can now use it instead of our loading state. Because remember every time you load a widget, we have a sequence of things that we are loading. We are first loading the organization, we are then loading the session and then we are validating those things. So what we have to do is we have to add one more step here which is after we have verified our organization, let's also attempt to load this organization's settings which we can now do thanks to this public function which we have just developed. Make sure you save this file and quickly head inside of your back end here just to confirm that all functions are ready and that you have no errors. Now that we have this, let's go ahead and let's add the widget atom uh for the widget settings. So I'm going to close everything here and let's go inside of packages. My apologies. Inside of apps widget uh let me see modules vidget atoms vidgets.ds DS and inside of here let's go ahead and let's add export const vidget settings atom it's going to be an atom and by default it's going to be null and now let's go ahead and give it the type that it can be so what I want to do here to make this type safe is attempt to use the document from workspace backend generated that data model so the same place we import the ID from and let's try and make this vidget widget settings like this or null. So now this widget settings atom should be uh organization ID, greet message, default suggestion. Uh yes, but we could omit a few things here because the only thing we actually need is greet message, default suggestions, and vap settings. So let me try and use the TypeScript omit function if I remember how to use it correctly. And let me try and let me try to emit the organization ID. And when I hover now, okay, organization ID is still present. So I don't think I'm using this correctly. Okay, let's leave it like this for now. And I'm going to come back to this in a moment. But I think this should be okay. uh in the worst case scenario, we can type out the exact fields we need ourselves. Now that we have the widget settings atom, let's go inside of the modules widget UI screens and let's go inside of widget loading screen because this is the place where we actually load our settings. In here, we already have a couple of steps. So, I think the last one is step two, actually. Yes, the last one is step two. So, what we're going to do now is we're going to add uh one more query here. So far, we've only had actions. I believe we didn't have any queries. Yes, actions and mutations. So, let's go ahead and let's see what is the best place to add this. I think the best place would be to develop step three, right? So, this is step two. Let's do step three here. Step three, load widget settings. And in here, what I want to do is I want to get the widget settings by adding use query. I'm going to add API.public dot widget settings get by organization ID. And in here, I have to use the organization ID. Let me just uh understand, do we have an organization ID at this point? I think we do. Yes, we do. And I have to import use query from convex react. So organization ID. Let me just check where am I getting organization ID uh from from here. All right. So what I'm going to do then is I'm going to do the usual if we have it then use it otherwise skip it. Let's do it like this. If we have organization ID we are going to use it otherwise I'm going to skip. I think this will work. And now we have the ability to load our widget settings. Once we have the ability to load our widget settings, let's go ahead and actually load them. So I'm opening a new use effect here. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to first confirm if the step is not settings, return. Let me just confirm if we have the ability for a step to even be settings. It's been a while since we developed this, so I'm not quite sure, but inside of your init step, you should have settings. As you can see, that is step three here, which also means that instead of your step two, validate contact session. Once we uh validate here, the next step should be settings. It shouldn't be done. So, make sure you fix that. go inside of step two, validate contact session. If there is no contact session ID, change the set step to settings. And inside of here, validate contact session, change the set step to settings. And instead of catch settings as well. So step two can only go to step three. It cannot go anywhere else. And this is step three that we are developing right now. So instead of step three, let's go ahead and first set the loading message here to be loading widget settings. And now let's check if widget settings is not undefined, which means it's no longer loading. Uh let's go ahead and do set widget settings. And we don't have widgets. uh we don't have this set vidget settings because we have to uh add that atom here. So let's quickly go up here with all of our other atoms. Let's just do con set widget settings use set atom vidget settings atom the one we just developed. So make sure to import it from modules widget atoms vidget atoms. And now we have set vidget settings here and we can pass in the vidget settings inside of here. And looks like the TypeScript is completely okay with this. So I don't think we have to modify anything here. And let's just add set step. And for now it will be done. [snorts] And now let's add the dependency uh array here. So we need the step, we need the vidget settings, we need set widget settings, and we need set loading message. Usually you don't add setters to dependency arrays, but this isn't use state. This is yoti. So I'm not exactly sure what the rules are here. But that I think that the only thing that's left is set step. And I think that is it. All right. So now what we should have is after we validate the session, we should have this vidget settings atom populated with the settings that we are customizing. So let's just see if I do a refresh here. Uh I couldn't even see it, but I think for a second there uh there probably is for a second the this message loading widget settings. Uh I'm not sure what's the best way for us to test if that is true exactly. Um let's just try it out. Right. So what I want to do now is I want to go inside of start chat and if we have those widget settings we should display the suggestions here. So the easiest way to do this is by going inside of our widget chat screen component right here inside of apps widget modules widget UI screens vidget chat screen and in here what I'm going to do is I'm going to get my atom value for the widget settings. So, const vidget settings will be use atom value widget settings atom the new one which we just created. Make sure to import it here. And once you have the widget settings, let's go ahead and let's create a uh memo variable. So, con suggestions here use memo which you can import from react. Make sure you do that. And in here, let's just prepare an empty use memo. And let's do if there is no widget settings, meaning that the user didn't change any settings at all. We have nothing in the database. We just return an empty array. No suggestions to be made. Otherwise, we have to modify what is now an object into an array because remember inside of our schema, uh the default suggestions are an object, right? So, we have to transform this into an array. So, let's go ahead and do the following. return object dot keys widget settings dotdefault suggestions dot map get the individual key here and then inside of here let's return vidget settings dot default suggestions open square brackets as in we are trying to access this specific index inside of this array key as key off type of off settings do default suggestion ions just like that. And inside of the dependency array, add the vidget settings. Now that you have these suggestions, uh you should be able to render them. So let's copy the suggestions here. Uh let's find a place to add this to. Uh I would do it after we close the AI conversation right here to do add suggestions. So right below this, let's just do JSON.stringify Stringify suggestions null two and if we have them there we go suggestion one suggestion two and then this this is exactly what I have added here suggestion one suggestion two and then V right so exactly what I added is what's written here so now what we have to do is we have to uh well just one thing In case this is not true for you, try just rendering the vidget settings. And then in here you will see the entire vidget settings. So if this is null for you, it means something is happening here inside of your widget loading here. Make sure you didn't pass the invalid organization ID here or something like that. Make sure that your uh get by organization ID query is correct. Make sure that you have unique that you are returning this uh those things, right? But this is fairly simple. It should work. I don't think uh there are any uh rooms for mistakes here because it's pretty straightforward. But yes, just try to retrace your steps here in case you just can't figure it out why it's not working. And also uh try going inside of the Convex dashboard and try finding the widget settings there. Maybe they weren't created in the first place, but if you're able to see your widget settings right here, right? If they have a certain value, that means it works. you developed this in the previous chapter, right? Uh, another thing that could be issue is you have an invalid organization ID. So, double, triple, quadruple check that if it's not working for you. And once you've done all of that, you should be seeing your widget settings here inside of your atom because we add that to the atom in the widget loading screen using the use query where we check if we have the organization ID and we do that inside of the use effect right here. Perfect. Uh now I'm just thinking about one thing here. Um maybe I should also check if I have [snorts] the organization ID here. Even though technically I don't think this can ever go wrong because of this check right here. Just in case maybe I should also have this. Let me check and refresh if this is messing anything up. It's not. Yes, I would recommend maybe having this uh simply because this can be I'm not sure what's the initial state of the widget settings. Is it null or is it undefined? Perhaps undefined is only while it is loading, right? So, I think this should all be okay. You can also remove it. I don't know. I think it it works okay right now. Now that we have the suggestions, which is the one we actually care about, let's actually render them. So the cool thing about this is you already have all the components needed for this. Inside of your packages UI source components, you have the AI folder and we added suggestion. DSX. We haven't used it up until this point, but this is where they will come in handy. So let's go back inside of the vidget chat screen and let's go ahead and let's import our AI uh suggestions. So, I'm going to go here to the top and I'm going to import AI suggestion and AI suggestions from workspace UI components AI suggestion. And now it's time to use them. So, let's scroll back down to where we uh JSON stringify our suggestions and let's add AI suggestions here. Let's give it a class name flex full with flex call items end and padding two and inside of here let's do suggestions dom get the individual suggestion if there is no suggestion let's go ahead and just return null so in case it's something invalid let's not render that otherwise let's return an AI suggestion component which is a self-closing tag And let's pass in the key to be suggestion. Let's pass in the on click here for now to be an empty arrow function. And suggestion will be suggestion like this. Just a single suggestion. Uh suggestion. There we go. Let me just see what the error is. So duplicate identifier suggestions. Oh, looks like I already had this at some point, but I forgot to use it. So, okay, we already had it. No worries. Now, let's just go ahead and check it out. And there we go. Suggestion one, suggestion two, and suggestion three. You can see them rendered right here. The problem is when I click on them, nothing happens. Now, let's develop that uh something to happen. So on click form set value message suggestion should validate true should true should touch true and then form handle submit pass in the onsubmit method and autoexecute just like that. And now when you go ahead and click on any of these, it will automatically submit. And you can see, of course, this is completely unclear for the AI. It has no idea what this is. But now you have the power to suggest to your users whatever you want them to ask. What is your pricing plan? Or maybe how are you? Or are you a real person? whatever you want to be here. Just save the settings. Let's refresh again. And there we go. Now we can ask what is your pricing plan? And I already forgot if we had this in our knowledge base or not. Uh but basically the best thing to add here uh would be to add it to give it questions that you have answers for in your knowledge base. Right? So I think that I have removed them because we tested removing embeddings. But go ahead and add uh any txt file like frequently asked questions which you can find in echo assets. Let me just go ahead here. So inside of echo assets here knowledge base I added a bunch of examples. So just choose one. Text files are super easy to work with and you can open them yourselves and see if they are correct or not. So just add one of those and then add frequently asked questions to be one of relating to those. Now there is one problem. So this suggestions take up a lot of space at some point. You can see how this starts to become a little bit weird. So what I would suggest is only displaying suggestions uh if you have a certain number of messages. So in here what I'm going to do is I'm going to open two UI messages messages. or an empty array question mark.length is equal to one. So if only the greeting message has been sent only then render the AI suggestions. You're going to see how this looks now. So you can see now there are no more suggestions. But if you are just at the start of the conversation here, you can ask any suggestion here. Keep in mind that this will be a much smaller screen, right? It's going to look something like this. and it's going to be even shorter in height. So that's why you kind of need to limit when to show the suggestions. Uh you can also, you know, change this to be uh instead of beneath one another next to each other and then allow the user to scroll if you want to. But I think this is a more recognizable way of suggestions. Uh so yes, that's why I added this. When you are on the first message, you can ask for a suggestion, but after that, suggestions disappear. I think this is also kind of the um usual way of how suggestions work. This is exactly what I wanted us to do in this chapter. So we can now remove to-do add suggestions from here. Uh I think that's all we actually needed here. Uh I am a little bit uh um skeptical about this part here widget settings undefined simply because I'm not sure what's the initial state of the widget settings. I'm hoping it's null. Yeah, I don't know. Uh I I'll have to research a little bit in my next chapter just to give you the correct information about this. What I'm worried is that this doesn't actually accidentally skip the widget settings if they haven't loaded yet. If they haven't even started loading for some reason. We'll see. But I've tried five times in a row now. It works perfectly. So I'm pretty sure it's okay. But do keep an eye on this. Now let's go ahead and see if that's all we wanted to do. We created public vision settings functions and we loaded suggestions into our widget. Exactly what we wanted to do. Let's open a pull request and let's merge it. So 27 widget config. Let's go ahead here. Let's stage all of these changes here. 27 widget config. Let's go ahead and click commit. I'm going to open a new branch. 27 widget config and I'm going to publish this branch. Then I'm going to go ahead inside of the uh pull request here and I'm going to open uh well a pull request. And here we have so 27 widget config. Let's create a pull request and let's review the changes. And here we have the summary by code rabbit. The chat now shows clickable AI suggestions to quickly start a conversation. Selecting one out of fills and sends the message. Assistant greeting is now personalized based on your organization's widget settings with a sensible fallback. Vidget loading flow now includes a settings step that fetches and applies your organization's configuration before completing. Vidget supports organization scope settings including default suggestions applied automatically during initialization. So exactly what we developed. Now in here let's take a look at some of the comments. So handle potential duplicate widget settings per organization. So yes, convex secondary indexes aren't unique constraints. So using unique here will throw an error if more than one record exists for a given organization ID. That is 100% true. Convex secondary indexes aren't unique constraints. So as said here we have two options. We can either enforce exactly one vidget settings per organization at right time. So let's take a look at our code here. So instead of our vidget settings in the private here when we do upsert you can see just by the name we do upsert right. So what we check if is there an existing widget settings if it is we simply patch otherwise we create it for the first time. So this is exactly what we are doing. We are enforcing exactly one vidget settings per organization. So that's how we fix this issue in here. they recommend switching to a more tolerant first instead of unique. But I'd rather we have an error, right? Because then we know, okay, this enforce here is obviously not working as it should. We need to fix our code whether whereas if you use first, it's not going to throw an error. It's simply going to select the first one, but the first one should be the only one or the unique one. So that's why I don't think we have to do anything here because we're doing exactly what they recommend here using the upsert method and they have the same comment here for our new public vision settings. That means that this pull request can be merged. So let's go ahead and merge this pull request. And once you've merged it, let's go ahead and switch to our main branch here. So clicking down here, selecting main, and then clicking right here to synchronize the changes. Once you have synchronized the changes, I always recommend going inside of your source control here, clicking on the graph, and just confirming 27 is the last thing you merged. And just one thing to ease your mind, uh, inside of our widget loading screen. I told you I'm not too confident about this, but now I am because I went to convex documentation here and I found UI patterns. Check for undefined to determine if a query is loading. So what we do here is we go to the next step only if widget settings is not loading, not if it doesn't exist. It's completely fine for widget settings to not exist. But I don't want to go to the next step until I've at least tried or attempted to load the widget settings. Completely fine in if we get back null. That's fine. I just want to make sure that even users who even organizations who don't have vidget settings can still uh get past this step because vidget settings are not required and looks like that is exactly what's happening. The use query react hook will return undefined when it is first mounted before the query has been loaded from convex. Once a query has loaded, it will never be undefined again even as the data reactively updates. uh I just clicked somewhere but uh then it goes and says undefined is not a valid return type for queries right so you can use this as a signal for when to render loading indicators and placeholder UI so that's why this is completely safe I will double check it uh just in case with a completely new organization which doesn't have widget settings and I recommend you do that as well but I'm 99.9% sure this works just fine perfect I believe that marks the end of this chapter. So let's just market this, this, this, and this as completed. Amazing, amazing job. And see you in the next chapter. In this chapter, we're going to add VP functionality to our vidget application. So in the chapter six, we actually started developing this. But there was one problem. If you go back all the way to chapter six, I'm going to help you and remind you here. So, what we did is we developed our first AI voice assistant. We did this by creating a Vappy account and we followed their instructions to set up a customer support agent. We added some files and tools to their knowledge base and uh well to their dashboard. We then tested that agent from their dashboard and then we tested it again from the client SDK. But there was one issue with this. The issue was we had to use our assistant ID and we had to use our API keys. And this is where I explained white labeling for the first time. At this point, we didn't really have any of that. But now we do. Each of our organizations now have their own API keys allowing them to have their own knowledge base, phone numbers, assistance, and tools. So now we can finally go back in this chapter 28 and we can combine all of that and enable each organization to display their own assistant and their own phone number. So let's start by creating a public secrets function which will allow us to decrypt uh AWS secrets for a specific organization. And don't worry, we are not going to uh allow anyone to decrypt the private API key, only the public API key since this is a public uh function, meaning it will be used in the UI. So, it's a public key for a reason. It is uh to be stored in such a way that can be retrieved from some API. So, uh we're not breaking any security rules here. We are not going to leak the private API key onto the front-end network. So don't worry about that. Let's start by building the public secrets functions. So inside of our packages back end, let's go inside of public here and let's create secrets.ts. Let's go ahead and let's import values from convex values. Let's import internal from generated API. Let's import action from generated server. Let's import generate my apologies get secret value from lib secrets and parse secret string. So we again need to access those utils that we created the first time we added AWS secrets manager from our secrets lib. Now let's export const get voppy secrets action. So it needs to be an action because it's going to access a fetch to a third party API. Uh let me just fix the typo action. The arguments that we're going to accept is organization ID which is a type of string and a handler which is going to be an asynchronous method. The handler as always will have access to the context and to our arguments. Now we have one problem and that problem is actions cannot directly query the database. If you try and get our plugin by doing await context.database.plugin plugins it does not work. So what are plugins? If you remember we have the plugins table in our schema and it's basically uh what allows us to store the secret name the type of the service and the organization ID that it belongs to. So inside of your uh vap plugin whenever you create a connection uh what you actually do is you create a plugins schema in the database and inside of the secret name here we store well the secret name from AWS secrets manager. So we never actually store the API keys directly in our database. We just store a reference to decrypt them later when we need them. So now we need to access these plugins so we can obtain the secret name. The problem is we don't know how to do that. Well, luckily for us we can use run query and in here we can use our internal system. So internal system plugins get by organization ID and service. Looks like we already have this because we used it somewhere else. So we pass in organization ID to be arguments organization ID and the service that we are retrieving for this organization will be voppy. If there is no such plugin let's immediately return null. There's nothing we can fetch here. So let's just go ahead and quickly revisit this. So inside of my convex system in here I have uh plugins.dts DS and I have get by organization ID and service internal query and in here we're using the index to quickly fetch a plugin and get the secret name for that service and for that organization ID. So if I search through my code you can see that I already used this a couple of times right and now we just added this into this new secrets public function. Now let's go ahead and continue. Now that we have our plugin for this organization ID and for VPY, we can get the secret name and we can do that by accessing plug-in dot secret name. And then we can get the secret by doing await get secret value secret name. This will use our AWS API keys to decrypt this secret. Basically, this one right here. We're going to try to un decrypt this and once we have decrypted that we can finally get the secret data. Now the secret data uh will very simply use the parse secret string and pass in the secret from above. The problem is right now it's a type of any object. We can make this a little bit better by actually giving it the type of what it will return. How do we know what it will return? Well, we can simply look at uh the retrieved value here. So we have private API key and public API key. So for now we are going to map both of them here because we will decrypt both of them for now. But we are not going to return the private one. We are only going to return the public one because the private one should only be used within our API functions. It should never be returned to the front end, right? Even if it's technically safely encrypted, it's not exactly uh laid out plain in front of you, which still should not leak it into the front-end network because someone with a high skill set can grab that and that would be uh well a bad thing to happen. So if there is no secret data at all, let's return null. If there is no secret public key, my apologies. Secret data public key, let's return null as well. Let me just see if I did something incorrectly. Uh, so it's public API key. My apologies. Return null. Let's duplicate this. Private API key. Return null. And what we are actually going to return is just a public key. So secret data public API key and let's actually also call this public API key. So we are consistent everywhere. I just want to double check that we are consistent. So let me search this. Yes, it's called public API key everywhere and private API key everywhere. Perfect. So there is no instance of private key nor public key only public API key and private API key. Exactly. We are consistent everywhere in our code. Now that we have this, let's go ahead and see what else we have to do here. Let me quickly check. So we just created the public secrets functions. Now we have to load those voppy secrets using our loading screen the same way we just did the vidget settings. In order to do that we need to prepare the atoms. So let's go inside of apps widget modules vidget atoms widget atoms in here. Let's go ahead and next export const vap secrets atom. Let's make it an atom by default. Whoops. Uh let me just do this properly. So it's going to be null by default. But the actual type of this will be a type of public API key which is a type of string or it's going to be null like this. And um I'm trying to think if there's a way we can infer the return type of our newly created function. But I think this is okay. But yes, if in the future you ever change your public secrets to return something else here, you should also be mindful and change it in the vap secrets atom. That's why I always try to uh use the infer method here. As you can see, I never really type manually what we are going to store here. But for this specific case, I think this is okay. So I'm going to leave it like this. Make sure that you write public API key inside of an object like this. Make sure you didn't misspell anything the same way we are doing it here. Once we have this prepared, it is time for us to go back to our uh widget loading screen. So, let's go inside of widget loading screen located inside of the modules widget UI screens widget loading screen and let's quickly check our steps here. organization session settings and then we have a VP. So let's go ahead and prepare that. Here it is. Step three, load vidget settings. Let's go ahead and just go here. Step four, load VPY secrets just like that. So let's define a constant get vapy secrets to be use action which we already have here and let's use API public secrets get vapy secrets in case you are getting type errors here as always double check that you have turbo dev running and that your workspace back here the last thing you should see should be convex functions are ready and that way you won't have any problems here uh great now let's add a new use effect here. The first things first, let's check if we are on the correct step. So if this step is not vapy, let's break this immediately the same way we did in all other steps here. But if it is VPY, let's go ahead and change the loading message here to be loading voice features. Or you can write loading API keys, whatever you prefer. And let's now call get voppy secrets here and pass in the organization ID. Uh though this should only be if we have organization ID. I think we can add that here. And this is still showing me an error. Uhhuh. Let me try and see maybe if there is no organization ID return. Yeah. Oh, I think I use the invalid one here. Let me see. No. Okay. Not sure what I'm doing wrong, but looks like this is working too. Basically, in order to even attempt to load this, we need organization ID. And this is safe to put here because if there's no organization ID, nothing else will work anyway. So, I'm okay with blocking this entire flow if it's so if it happens that we are missing an organization ID. All right. Uh, now that we have this, let's go ahead and close this and let's do them. And then in here we have the secrets. And now we have to reuse that atom which we've just created here. So let's do const set vopy secrets use set atom vapy secrets atom. Make sure you have imported the vap secrets atom. Now we have set vapy secrets. And then in here in the then we can do set vapy secrets and pass the secrets. And you can see that this is a type of secrets public API key. And that's the exact thing that this accepts. That's why you need to be careful with the types. And in case an error happens, we're going to set VP secrets to be null. And well, that's okay. This can fail because this is optional, right? This isn't required for the chat box to load at all. Uh so yeah. Um I think this should all be okay. Uh the next step here will be done and the next step here whoops will be done as well. Just like that. Now let's add all the uh dependencies here. So step organization id get vapy secrets set vapy secrets set loading message and set step. I think those are all the ones we've used. And in fact if there is no organization ID let me just see here. I still don't like how I did this. Yes I should find a way to kind of assert that the organization ID will always exist. Let me just find. So we do that here. Set organ when once we validate the organization. Yes. So at all of these other hooks which we almost have a 100% chance of organization ID existing. Yeah. So I don't like that we have to do this again. But I would rather we do set screen error. Set error message. Let me just check. So the same thing that we are doing here. Let me just check this one. Basically this. Yes, this is the exact thing I want us to do. Even though I I can't imagine how this can happen really, but yes, let's go ahead and do this. Organization ID is required. Set screen to error and return. Great. Uh and now what we have to do is we have to go back to step three. load a widget settings. And once we finish loading the settings, whatever the result is, null or the settings object, we actually set the next step to be voppy. So that is quite important, right? Make sure that nowhere inside of this use effect for the load widget settings do you set step to done. You should only set step to voppy. So this use effect gets loaded and then we attempt to get Vappy secrets. And regardless if this succeeds or if it fails, we set step to done because this is not required. It's just an extra to make our chat box even cooler. And at this point uh if you try the chatbox vidget here uh maybe you will see yes you can see it for a second loading voice features. At least I can see it. So after we do that, it means it successfully loaded the voice features, meaning it loading the API keys and in combination with our widget screen uh widget settings, we can now change the selection screen. So let's go ahead back inside of the selection screen. So widget selection screen right here. And now we're going to add some more buttons besides the start chat button, but only if specific uh things are loaded here. So let me go ahead and add con widget settings use atom value widget settings atom. Make sure that you add the import for the widget settings atom like this. Uh and now let's also just do one more thing. Let's go inside of our widget at Adams and just to make things easier for us, let's do export const has voppy secrets Adam get VP secrets Adam and just check if it's not null. So do we have the secrets or do we not? Now this way in the vidget selection screen what we can do uh is we can use that new atom here. So let me just add has VPY secrets use atom value has vapy secrets atom the same one we just created. Make sure you import it from the widget atoms. Now that you have the widget settings and the hasvy secrets uh you can now safely uh decide what to show to the user. So let's go down here. Right now the only thing we do is we display this button. So let me go ahead and copy this button and paste it below. And you will see that now we have two instances of start chat. So let's go ahead and change this one to be start voice call and this to be microphone icon from Lucid React mic icon like that. And you can see how that's going to look like. But we should only display this if we have VPY secrets and if vidget settings question mark VPY settings question mark assistant ID exists. So regardless if the user has connected their voice assistant if they haven't changed their vidget customization settings we have no idea what assistant they want to use. Right? So you can see that since I have added an assistant I have this. But if I go inside of my widget customization here uh and if I change this to none and save settings now you can see that immediately when I refresh here at least what should happen is this should be empty exactly and when I refresh here there we go that button disappears. So even if you have connected your VPY integration, only when you go to the vidget customization and actually select an assistant and select a phone number and save those settings will you see on the next refresh those new features. So now let's go ahead and do the exact same thing here but for the phone number like this and this will be call us and it's going to be using the phone icon. You can import this from Lucid React as well. And there we go. So if you try and remove the phone number, uh this button will hide itself as well. Now what we have to do is add the two new additional screens that will appear when we click on these buttons. The first one is going to be the voice screen. So let's quickly go back inside of our views folder in the modules widget and let's go inside of the vidget view. And in here we have voice to do voice. Great. So that's already set. Make sure you have the voice inside of your screen components here. And now in the vidget selection screen, you can modify this to show voice. So I'm going to go ahead and let me just find. So in here they say handle new conversation, but I'm going to make this simpler. Do I have set screen here? I think I do. And I will just choose a voice. So make sure you have set screen in the vidget selection screen. You should definitely have it. It's basically the use set atom using the screen atom. And now when you click start voice call, there we go to do voice. So you have to refresh to restart this. And the same thing should happen if you go here and let's do uh what is it? Set screen. It is uh contact. Yes, I think this is the one. And then you click here to do contact. Great. Uh so now we have to develop uh both of these. We're going to start with the more complicated one. So we uh complete this fun feature. That's going to be the voice call. The good thing is we already have the hook ready to do this. We just don't have uh the we just didn't this is the hook I'm talking about. Use vapy, right? So you already have this not use vapy data. use voppy in the apps widget. We developed this in chapter six if you remember and in here we used our own API keys as well as our own uh assistant ID. So we're going to have to modify this use VP hook and we're going to have to use the atoms which we now have from the widget settings and from the VP secrets and that will allow us to speed the process up. So, let's start by developing the widget voice screen. So, I'm just going to close these things because I have a lot of them open. Uh, instead of the widget modules UI screens, uh, I'm going to copy the vidget chat screen. I'm going to paste it. And I'm going to rename this to vidget voice screen like this. Uh, and I'm going to simplify it a lot, but it does have some elements that we need. So, uh, okay. You know what? I think this might be a bad idea because voice screen is significantly easier. So what you can just do is just make the widget voice screen completely empty. And let's go ahead and just import a line by line what we need arrow left icon microphone icon and microphone off icon. We then need the button and then we need the AI conversation conversation content and conversation scroll button from components AI conversation. And then we also need the message AI message and AI message content. And then we need our use VPY method from modules vidget hooks use vapy. So this is the one I was just showing you, right? The one we developed quite early on. And one thing we also need here is the vidget header. So let's export const v fidget widget voice screen like that. Let's just prepare set screen here to be use set atom from yai and screen atom from Adams. So that's one more thing that we need and then we can prepare use vapi here. We're not going to do anything now. Let's go ahead and let's return a fragment here widget header. Inside of here, let's add a div with a class name flex items center gap x of two. And inside of here, I think we can just copy something uh let's see from our inbox screen. Yes, it's the exact same thing here. So, you can copy everything inside of the widget header actually and just put it here. And this will bring the screen back to selection. And instead of inbox, this will be voice chat. Like that. Uh, and then let's go ahead and do the following. Outside of the widget header, uh, not a paragraph, my apologies. Add a div here and give it a class name. Flex hide full flex column items center justify center gap Y of four. Another div inside with a class name flex items center justify center rounded full border background white padding three and render a microphone icon inside. We already have this from Lucid React. Give the microphone icon a size of six and text muted foreground. Then add a paragraph transcript will appear here. And let's give this a class name of text muted foreground. Now that we have this uh I think um I think this is enough for us to go back inside of the vidget view and replace the voice with the vidget voice screen which we've just created. Right? So screens vidget voice screen. We still have some unused components. We are going to add that. And there we go. We have something that says transcript will appear here. Uh the only thing I think it's missing here. Let me just check. Uh how do we Okay, so we also need to add the widget footer. I forgot that. So here at the bottom, let's add vidget footer. And let's import that from components widget footer. Uh okay. The thing that seems weird here is it's not taking uh full height for some reason. So, let me just debug a little bit. All right. So, I found out that we can uh make this full height by also adding flex one like this to this div and then it will take the entire screen. Now one thing that I also want to add here uh just above the widget footer here is another div with a class name border top bg background padding of four. And inside of here a div with a class name flex flex column items center gap y 4. And then in here we're going to add a div with a class name flex item center gap x of two. And then let's add a div uh which will be a self-closing div. So it's it's going to be like a little dot. We're going to style it now so it looks like a dot. size three rounded full and let's give it animate pulse and background red 500 like this. So like a little dot at the bottom and besides that dot a span which will say uh assistant speaking like this and give this a class name text muted foreground and text small like this assistant speaking. And now let's actually go ahead instead of this use voppy and let me check uh let's try and get is connected is speaking transcript start call and call and is connecting. Great. So we have all of those inside of use vapy is connected is connecting is speaking and the transcript and we return all of them. Perfect. So, we can actually enhance this already and make it uh make a little bit more sense here. Um, so this is what we're going to do. First, let's change the text. If is speaking, then change the text to assistant speaking otherwise listening. So we indicate whether it is our turn to talk or is it the assistant's turn to talk. And then let's go ahead and wrap this class name inside of CN util. Let's import CN from workspace lib UI lib utils. So this will be the default classes like this. Let's go ahead and remove background red and animate pulse. And let's do if is speaking then do animate pulse BG red 500 otherwise simply do BG green 500. So for now it's going to be listening right but this entire thing uh will only be displayed if is connected. So if we are not connected, we're not going to display this at all like this. So right now this is just empty. So instead what we're going to do uh is just below this let's add a new div here with a class name flex full width justify center is connected question mark. We're going to do a button which will say end call. Otherwise, we're going to do another button which will say start call. There we go. So, start call right now. And now let's go ahead and style this. So, the class name will be full width. Disabled will be if is connecting. Size will be large. on click will be for now an empty arrow function. There we go. Again, keep in mind this will be a very small like this. And let's for now just change this to true so that we see the end call button. And now let's do the same thing for end call. So class name here will be full width. Size will be large. Variant will be destructive. And on click here will be just an empty arrow function. There we go. So now we have end call. Change this back to is connected and you should have start call. Now let's add some icons here. So this will be microphone icon. And in the end call add mic off icon. There we go. Perfect. And we actually don't need the widget footer. You can remove it. And you can remove the import for the widget footer as well. So just like this transcript will appear here and a button to start the call. The problem is if we attempt to start the call now uh it's actually not going to work. So we have the start call button, right? So we can use it actually. Let's find this start call. Let's just do start call here. The problem is we are going to get an error. As you can see, assistant or squad workflow must be provided. That's because currently instead of our use, we have empty start and we have empty API keys. So if you want to, you can use your own API keys just like we did in chapter 6. Uh why would you do this? Well, if you had some trouble with AWS, yeah, feel free to just, you know, for fun add your own API keys and your own assistant ID here just so you can follow the tutorial along, right? Uh, but for those of you who were able to set up the AWS secrets thing, uh, we're going to have to go inside of use vapy and we're going to have to actually load those API keys. Just before we do that, let me add the end call method here. So in here, end call like this. Now let's go inside of the use vopy and let's add the atoms here. So I'm going to do const vopy secrets use atom value from yai and pass in the voppy secrets atom. There we go. So use atom value and vap secrets atom. Besides that vidget settings use atom value vidget settings atom from the same place. And now that we have both of them let's go inside of the use effect here. And first things first, if there is no VP secrets, let's immediately return. There's nothing we can do here. We can now remove this comment. And we can now initialize the new VPY with VP secrets dot public API key. And you have officially learned white labeling from start to finish. Now each organization can bring their own API keys and see it in their chat box. Amazing job. But still uh we have to actually make this work. So let's quickly go down here where we use the vap start uh and in here we're going to do a similar thing. So set is connecting to true. Sure. But then uh actually no don't even do it. So before just check if there is no voppy secrets simply return or if there is no widget settings dotvy settings. assistant ID. There's nothing we can do that. And then you can finally just use vidget settings dot vapy settings dot assistant ID. Perfect. Uh and now you can remove this comment too. And let's go inside of the vidget voice screen here. And let me just find a nice place to render uh the transcript. So we can do that just below the widget header here. Let's just do JSON.stringify transcript null and two. The transcript is extracted from the use hook. So I'm going to refresh. I'm going to go inside of start voice call and I'm going to attempt to do this. Right now you can see this is an empty array. So I'm going to pause the video and you will either see the transcript or maybe an error. And what we got was a combination of both the transcript and an error. So I'm not sure if you got this error. Ignoring settings for browser or platform unsupported input processors audio. I'm not too sure what this is, but looks like it's working even with that. So I'm just going to Google this for a second just to see if we're doing something incorrectly. Maybe it's because uh whenever you start a voice call, you actually have to like interact with the website. Let me see. Can I get that error again? So, I'm starting call now. Same thing. I'm getting the error and now the assistant is actually speaking and you can see uh things here, right? So, it's kind of working, but um I'm not sure what this error is. So, let me just quickly research this. All right. So, I've searched for that exact issue and apparently it could be just a web browser thing. I'm not 100% sure and I'm not even sure if you will experience this. It could be the microphone that was selected for my browser here. Maybe something is wrong with that. I'm not too sure, but I can continue building forward. So, it's not really a problem for me. Uh but all I know is that I did not have this error when I first started when I first built this. So I'm not exactly sure why it's happening right now. Uh I will definitely try to give you some more answers in the next chapters. But I hope that you are in the same situation as me at least so that you can at least see the transcript here because there is one more thing we have left to do here and that is to display the transcript in a nice way. So, for now, I'm just going to ignore this because in this doesn't seem like a a breaking error. It just seems like a warning. Like, it's ignoring the settings for browser uh unsupported input processors. So, that is definitely talking about the my microphone. So, maybe this is only for me. Maybe you don't even have this. I have no idea. Uh that actually does make sense because I am now speaking in my recording microphone but when I developed I was using my MacBook microphone. So maybe it's about that. I'm not sure. I just hope that you can see the transcript. I'm going to ignore this error for now and I will give you some answers in the pre in the future chapters if possible. For now let's go ahead and let's make this transcript appear in a nice way. So let's go back inside of the vidget voice screen. And now what we're going to do is just after the vidget header, let's go ahead and do the following. If the transcript.length is larger than zero, in that case we're going to display the transcript. Otherwise, we're going to display this transcript will appear here div. So let me just quickly add AI conversation here. And let's go ahead and give it a class name height full flex one. And inside AI conversation content transcript.m mapap let's go ahead and let's do message and index AI message AI message content message.ext text and let's give the AI message from [snorts] to be message roll and key uh let's just make it message dot um roll let's let's do a combination of things let me just try and do this like that dash let's do an index dash dash message.ext. I think this should be somewhat unique. Uh, great. And let's also add AI conversation scroll button, which is a self-closing tag. And now you should have your messages displayed like this. So, I'm going to start the call again and I'm going to test it out. And here we go. So, you can see that uh my bubbles are displayed in blue. their bubbles are displayed in white. So, same like our chat interface here. The only thing I don't like is how it scrolls. So, it should only scroll within this area. So, let me see. Can I somehow fix this overflow Y auto maybe here? I'm not sure. I think um it's mostly about this flex one thingy. Not sure. I I will have to kind of debug this because I don't like how it's scrolling right now. Let me try scroll. No, no, it's not fixing right now. Uh anyway, yeah, let's leave it at flex one for now. Uh perfect. But this is where I want to left uh this leave this chapter. Now, we do still have this call us, but that's super simple. We can just do that in the next chapter. There is just some UI and the display of the phone number. But in between those two chapters, I want to kind of give you some answers [snorts] about this, even though I'm fairly certain this is the microphone that I'm using. And I also want to find a way to fix that scrolling issue so it actually displays in a nice way and then we are going to wrap it up with this. But so far uh amazing amazing job. So let's just quickly see in here. So we added the VP secrets in the loading screen. We modified use vapy hook to use organization secret and we modified the selection screen UI to display voice options. So we did this, we did this and we developed the voice chat. So exactly what we actually had envisioned here. Uh in the next chapter we're going to do the call us or contact us screen which is far more simpler than this. Thankfully, we were able to reuse our use VPY hook from before just by plugging in the new VPY secrets and the new uh assistant ID from here. So now the user from their dashboard can choose exactly uh what assistant they want to use and what phone number. And this is basically such an uh insane improvement over just us wrapping the VPY API and trying to replicate all of their features because now you know our users can just head to Vappy. They can go inside of their dashboard and in here, you know, they can just set up whatever they want and just load that assistant here and load that number here and that will uh that will be a much better experience than us trying to replicate VPY. Right. Perfect. So now uh let's go ahead and merge this. So 28 widget API. Let me go ahead and close the graph. I'm going to stage all of the changes. 28 digit voppy. Let's go ahead and commit. I'm going to open a new branch 28 widget VPY. And I'm going to publish this branch. And now let's open the pull request. So here we go. Compare and pull request 28 vidgety. That's correct. And now let's review our changes. And here we have the summary. We added voice chat to the vidget. We can start and end calls. We get the connection status as well as live transcript display. We introduced a dedicated voice screen with controls in real-time conversation view. The selection screen now shows a voice call and call us options, but only when voice features are available. the enhanced loading flow to fetch voice feature access and proceed accordingly with graceful error handling. Amazing, amazing, amazing job. Let's go ahead and merge this pull request here. Uh, and now let's go ahead and see if that's all we had to do. That's right. We just had to merge the pull request. And as always, whenever you merge, head back inside of your IDE. Go back inside of the main branch and click synchronize changes just to make sure that your main branch is now up to date with your GitHub repository. And check the graph here to confirm that the latest thing you just merged is 28 widget VPY. I believe that marks the end of this chapter. Amazing job and see you in the next one. In this chapter, we're going to add some improvements to our widget. We're going to start by explaining the error from the previous chapter. So basically what happened is there was an error every time I clicked start call from my VPY voice call screen. Uh I've come to a conclusion that this is a browser issue. Uh it could be due uh to us developing on local host. It could be due to lack of permissions or it could be due to the microphone. Uh but the important thing is even though it's thrown as an error, it is more of a warning because it doesn't actually break the functionality. It will simply fall back to another microphone that it can access. And here's another thing that I found out. So I tried into another browser, in this case Safari, and let's see what happens here. Here when I click start a voice call and click start call after I allow the microphone permissions you will see that we actually get no errors in Safari. There we go. So the assistant is now speaking and there we go. We have their transcript right here. So this is isolated to a browser bug. So we are okay with leaving it as it is. But now we have a scrolling issue in the widget. So, make sure you have your app running here. Make sure that you're on your main branch. Make sure you have synchronized all of your changes. Right? The last thing we merged was 28 widget VPY and now we're doing 29 widget improvements. So, what is the scrolling issue in the widget? So, if you go ahead inside of your widget here with the working organization ID, uh I purposely entered this responsive mode and you can see that when I try to collapse this, this is how scrolling happens. That's not what I want. I want only this area right here to scroll and this to kind of be fixed as well as this. Uh, and while this isn't really an issue here, like this is fairly okay, it becomes an issue when you have this conversations, right? You can see that you can't find your chat button. You have to go all the way down to find it, right? So, that's not really nice. And same thing in the voice call, right? When the messages appear here, you can't really see them unless you scroll down. Uh so and also autoscroll doesn't work right so the AI components should actually autocroll on new messages it should scroll down to here but none of that happens so let's go ahead and fix that so what I want to do is I want to go inside of my apps widget my modules widget UI and let's go inside of views vidget view and first thing I want to do is remove this to-do whether we where we ask confirm whether or not this is needed. So let's remove those two and just leave flex height full width full flex overflow hidden rounded extra large border and background muted. And then go inside of your layout in the widget app and in here where you wrap the children after the providers, go ahead and add a div like so. And give it a class name with screen and hide screen. So now not much should change here, but you should see that now it scrolls properly exactly as we expected. So this kind of stays fixed. This stays fixed. This is the only scrollable element. Same thing happens in our conversations, right? And in here you can see we now scroll to bottom and we can scroll our messages whilst maintaining our uh text input right here. So that is what I wanted us to achieve. And if you try the transcript voice chat, it should also work. But let's just go ahead and just improve a few things here. So we can now go inside of our modules vidget UI screens. Let's go inside of the vidget voice screen. And in here we can now remove flex one. So we just need height full. And now let's also go inside of the vidget chat screen. And let's just confirm everything is okay here. So AI conversation. I think this is fine as it is. We don't need to change anything here. And let's also go inside of vidget inbox screen. So, I'm just comparing with my original source code just to confirm that there isn't anything that we're adding that we don't need. I think all of this is fairly okay. Excellent. Now that we have that solved, let's go ahead and mark that as completed. And now let's add the contact screen. So, in the previous chapter, we only developed the uh settings to load the assistant because that was the harder one. So, what we have left here is the contact screen, which is currently in to-do state. So, I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to copy the voice screen. I'm going to paste it and I'm going to rename this to widget contact screen.tsx. So, widget contact screen. Uh, and now in here, we're going to simply display the phone number that is loaded, right? Nothing else we really need to do here. So, we can remove the VPY hook from here. And instead what we can do is we can add vidget settings use atom value from yai and pass in the vidget settings atom. Make sure that you import it like that. Uh then let's go ahead and let's get the phone number here to be vidget settings question mark.vopy settings question mark phone number. Let's develop the handle copy method here. And let's prepare copied and set copied use state. And by default, let's make it false. And let's import use state from react. Instead of this handle copy, let's first check if we have the phone number at all. And if we don't, let's break the uh method early on. Now, let's go ahead and await which means this needs to be asynchronous. So, await navigator.clipipboard clipboard dot write text phone number like that. Let's go ahead and put this inside of try and catch. And in here, let's console error the error. We're not going to throw any toast messages here simply because this is in a very small screen. So, I'm not sure how that actually looks. Uh and in here we're just going to do uh actually let's do let me just see in the finally here I'm trying to find a best way to do this. Uh actually no it doesn't need to be in here. Let's do set timeout. Set copied to false after 2 seconds. And in here set copied to true like that. Perfect. Uh now let's go ahead and let's did we rename this? We didn't. So widget contact screen. Let's rename that. And in the widget header uh let's change this from voice chat to contact us. Like that. Uh in here we won't need the transcript at all. We can remove that. We won't need this. We can remove a lot of things after the vidget header. And we'll just build it again. It's easier this way. There we go. So, just leave the widget header. Not much we need. You can remove all AI imports here. And we can remove the icons. We can add them back if we need them. Same for CN. Same for use VPY. So, if we need them again, we'll just import them again. Uh below the widget header here, let's go ahead and let's add a div with a class name which is going to be flex height full flex column items center justify center and yep y of four. In here, let's add a new div with a class name flex items center justify center rounded full border background white and padding three. In here, let's add a phone icon from Lucid React with a class name size six, text muted foreground. Below that, let's add a paragraph available 24/7. And let's add a class name here, which will be text muted foreground. And then inside of here, just below we are going to render the phone number. And let's change this to be font bold and text to Excel. Now, what's what I want to do is I want to render that here. So, let's go inside of our widget view component and let's remove the to-do with widget contact screen, which is a self-closing tag. Make sure you've imported it. And there we go. You should see the number here. So, if you have any ideas for a better design here, feel free to add it, of course, right? I'm just developing the one I thought of. Uh now after this div here let's open a new one with a class name border top bg background padding four. Let's add a new div here with a class name flex flex column items center gap y of two. Inside of here let's add a button. And in here we're going to check if we have copied this. We're going to render a fragment which shows the check icon from Lucid React. Give it a class name MR2 and size of four and text copied. And if not, we're going to do uh a copy icon inside of a fragment with copy number text like this. And let's import copy icon from Lucid React. So just make sure you've added check icon and copy icon both from Lucid React. Just like that. And we're going to add one more button here which will very simply be a link. Make sure to import that from next link not from Lucid React. So make sure double check that your import is working. And give this an href of tell phone number. So if they are on their mobile devices or if they have FaceTime on their MacBooks when they click on this button it will actually call the number. So that's quite cool I think. And let's add phone icon here again and call now button. Let's go ahead and give this as child class name full width and size large. And let's also add some features to this button here. Class name full width on click handle copy size large variant outline and let's see how this looks like. There we go. We can now copy the number or we can click call now and that's going to initiate the call. So a very simple contact us screen, right? which will allow you to see the number, copy it or directly call the number and the number that's displayed here is the exact one that you've selected here. So the last number is 76. Let's confirm 76. If I change this to 35 and click save settings. Let's refresh. Let's click into call us 35. There we go. So again, white labeling allows our customers to have much more freedom of expression when it comes to their voice features here. Amazing, amazing job. That's what I wanted us to do in this chapter. Quite a short one, simple one. Uh, and let's go ahead and review it and merge it. So 29 widget improvements. I'm going to go ahead and stage all of the changes. 29 widget improvements. Let's commit. After that, I'm going to open a new branch, 29 widget improvements, and then I'm just going to publish the branch. Now, let's go ahead and review the pull request. So, here I have opened the pull request from 29 widget improvements into our main. Let's click create the pull request here and let's wait for the review. And since this was a very simple one, we don't really have to go through the entire review. We know the changes, right? Only four files, some CSS changes, and a new screen with no actual uh, you know, business logic in there. So, we added a contact screen to the widget. We can view the phone number, copy it with confirmation feedback or start a call instantly. We also include back navigation as well as the availability status, which is 24/7 because they are AI uh support agents. And then we fixed the full viewport wrapper to the widget content. We updated the main container styling with rounded edges, border, and improved overflow handling. We adjusted the voice screen transcript area sizing for more consistent layout and scrolling as well as simplified layout styling for overall consistency. Amazing. That's exactly what we did. Let's go ahead and merge this pull request. And once we have merged it, let's go back and head to our main branch. And then let's synchronize the changes. Once we synchronize the changes, let's double check within the graph to confirm everything is all right. So graph, there we go. 29 widget improvements. I believe that that marks the end of this chapter. And see you in the next one. In this chapter, we're going to develop the contact panel. Contact panel is part of the conversation ID layout which we already almost finished at this point. But there is just one thing missing and it's this exact contact panel that we're going to be developing in this chapter. So I have turbo dev running which means I have my web available at localhost 3000. So in here when I select a certain conversation you can see that this is pretty much finished. But there is one thing missing and that's this side panel here that shows me more information about this user. This will be quite easy to do as we already have all the necessary information in the user metadata. So let's start by creating a new layout that will be able to uh hold that panel here. So I'm going to go inside of apps web app dashboard conversations conversation ID and in here I'm going to create layout.tsx. Let's go ahead and let's simply do layout. Let's go ahead and render the children inside. So we can give this a type of react react node. And inside of here, we can just render children like this. Make sure that you do a default export here and that the file is called layout. And if you've done this correctly, nothing should change. You can see I can refresh this and everything is exactly the same as it was. So, just make sure you've done this inside of the conversation ID folder. And now what we're going to do is we're just going to go back inside of our modules. Uh, and let's go let's go inside of dashboard here, UI layouts, and let's create conversation ID layout.tsx. And in here, let's go ahead and export const conversation ID layout like so. And inside of our newly created layout, let's just copy the props so we can have them here too. And let's simply return a div and render the children. So now we no longer have to develop the layout in the app router. We can develop it here in the UI folder. I feel more comfortable doing that. So now I can remove the fragment and add the conversation ID layout import like that. Now I don't have to worry about designing here in the export default file which is a reserved file name and it's used exclusively for routing inside of this app folder. Instead I can focus on my module UI conversation ID layout. I like this better. Uh let me just see what the error is here. I think this is just TypeScript server which needs to be restarted. Let's see if I am correct. I am great. [snorts] Uh now it's time to actually develop this because still you can see some slight changes a bug but let's fix it now. So we're going to need to add the resizable components here. So let's add resizable handle panel and panel group from workspace UI components resizable. This is from Shatsen UI. And let's go ahead and replace this with resizable. Um, my apologies. This is resizable panel group. Let's give it a class name height full flex one. And let's give it direction horizontal. Then let's go ahead and add a resizable panel here like this and render the children inside. Give this resizable panel a class name of heightful and give it a default size of 60. And then inside of here, render the children inside of a div. and give this div a class name flex hide full flex one and flex column. And right now it should look exactly as it looked before. And now let's add the resizable handle which is a self-closing tag. And let's give it a class name of hidden but on large. Let's display it. And now let's create another resizable panel here. And in here we're going to have our contact panel. So there we go. This is the place where we're going to develop the user information. Now let's just give it some more info here. So default size is going to be 40. Maximum size is going to be 40 as well. And minimum size will be 20. And in order to make this a little bit better, if you want to, you can add a class name hidden large block like this. And then uh if you are on not exactly mobile, but on kind of in tablet mode, it will not appear. Now, I'm not sure if this is, you know, a good decision or not, but I feel like this uh panel right here isn't as crucial as this panel and this panel right here because the sidebar can be hidden away. So, that's fine. But this always needs to be here and this always needs to be here, but the contact panel doesn't. And if we're talking about actual mobile responsivity here, I've taken a look at Intercom and Crisp and Zenesk. All of them simply tell you to download their app, right? So, looks like no one is really bothering with making the desktop app too responsive. So I kind of feel this is an okay middle ground with just at least allowing tablet mode to be usable because if you don't do this and zoom in you can see it just becomes weird at this point. So yeah maybe add this maybe don't however you prefer just make sure that you are zoomed out enough so that you can see the contact panel for now when we are developing it. All right. Now that we have this, uh, it's time for us to actually create the contact panel. So, we're going to do that in here inside of dashboard UI components. And let's do contact panel. DSX. Let's mark this as use client. And let's export con contact panel. Inside of here, let's simply return a div contact panel. And now let's go back in here and let's import that. There we go. Just like that. It's a self-closing tag. Again, nothing much should really change here. So now what I want us to do is actually uh well build the contact panel. So let's give this div a class name flex height full width full flex call bg background and text foreground inside let's add a new div with a class name flex flex column gap y4 and padding of four inside of here another div with a class name flex items center gap x of two and in here we need our dice bear avatar component. So make sure you add this import and now for the size you're going to give it 42 but for the information such as badge image URL and image URL and seed we actually have no uh information to fetch. So let's go ahead and see if we have the necessary APIs to fetch the contact. So the first thing we have to do here is we have to somehow pass the conversation ID from our layout here all the way to the contact panel. Now since this is a use client component, we can actually do this in a different way. uh rather than passing props we can leverage the params use params hook from next navigation and from here we can get the conversation ID using params conversation id like that and let's go ahead and try and simply logging this somewhere so I'm just going to try and do conversation ID here and let's see if it works and there we go you can see it right here and it's the exact conversation ID that's select selected. So you can see how when I change the conversation ID uh changes, right? Perfect. Uh now that we have that, let's go ahead and let's see, do we have the necessary functions to fetch this contact? So I'm going to check inside of my packages here. Backend convex. This is private. Uh and let's see. It looks like we have nothing in regards to the contact sessions. So, let's go ahead inside of the private here and let's create contact sessions.ts. And inside of here, I'm going to uh export const get one by conversation ID. Why by conversation ID? Because that's the only thing I have in this component. So, it makes no sense to fetch this by the contact session ID because I don't have that, right? So this will be a query accepting the arguments for conversation id which is a type of v do id conversations right that's the one we have now let's go ahead and prepare this let's fix the typo asynchronous let's import the query from the generated server let's get the context and the arguments there we go now in here first things first let's check that we have the identity from context out get user identity and let's replace this with convex error from convex values and let's go ahead and do what we usually do I like to throw an object I think it's better so code is unauthorized and message can be unauthorized like this and let me just copy this paste it here. So this will be uh unauthorized and message will be organization not found. So once we have confirmed that we are authorized to attempt to fetch this. Uh let's check if this actually belongs to our organization ID. So let me check my schema here and let's see the contact sessions here. We have the Oh, looks like each contact session has the organization ID here. That's very interesting. So, I just want to check something. Contact sessions. I should have them inside of my Convex public folder. So, I'm just going to check how we create it. So, we pass the organization ID. Okay, that's very interesting. Uh, that means that we should be able to fetch it with an index. Is that true? I think it is. We have by organization ID here for the contact sessions. Perfect. So I'm going to go ahead inside of the private which we are developing here. Let's do con uh con contact session and let's go ahead and do await context database query contact sessions. Uh and just let me remind myself how do we write uh is it just with index? it is with index. Uh it's going to be by organization ID. So let me just collapse this. So query with index. Let's get the query query dot equals organization ID. Uh and this will simply be organization ID like this and dot unique because uh is it dot unique? I actually yeah I'm not sure this can work like that because you can have different contact sessions within an organization. Yes, this this is not the way we should be doing this. Let me just think again. How about we go back inside of the contact sessions schema here? Let's go in here. So we have by organization ID. Why do we not have We should also have the by let me just check. Mhm. So we can fetch the conversation and then we have the contact session ID. Okay, let's do that first since we are technically working with the conversation ID here. Not the most elegant solution but yeah let's do it like that for now. Conversation will be await context. database.get get and pass in the arguments conversation ID. If there is no conversation in that case, I'm just going to throw an error here. Not found. Conversation not found. And then another important check. If conversation organization ID is different from my current organization ID, in that case I'm unauthorized to fetch this. So unauthorized invalid organization ID. And now what we can do is we can fetch the contact session by doing await context database.get conversation dot contact session ID and we can return the contact session. I think that should be just fine. Great. So this is now a private function which allows us to fetch the contact session by their conversation ID and it's protected so only certain members of the organization can fetch it. Now let's go back inside of the contact panel. Let's get the contact session from use query from convex react API from workspace backend generated API dotprivate dot contact sessions get one by conversation ID and conversation let's pass in the conversation ID to be well the conversation ID from above and we can add as ID here from workspace backend generated data model and pass in the conversations here like this. And just in case uh yeah, because this can technically be ID or in some I don't see how it's possible for this to be null because it's used within a layout that needs to have it. But just in case we can check if we have conversation ID in that case let's do let me just fix this like this. So we are doing our usual check if we have conversation ID then use it otherwise skip. There we go. So even if it's null it will work. [snorts] Now let's go ahead and let's do a simple loading method here. So if contact session is undefined which basically means this is loading. Uh what I think we should render um let's simply render null. Let's see. Yeah, that looks fine. No need to have a skeleton for every single part. I think this is okay because it will be loaded quite quickly. Um, now that we have the contact session, let's go ahead and let's try and add some information here for so the seed here will be conversation. My apologies contact session and let's pass in the underscore ID. Uh, okay. or if contact null. There we go. This way we can safely use it at this point. So now we can pass the seed and the seed the image will now match exactly uh the user. You can see that's what we wanted to achieve. Great. Uh now for the image URL actually we don't have anything to pass but for the badge image URL we should be able to pass in the user's uh country info. But in order to do that we first need to generate uh the user's country info. So just above here let's do con country info and let's add that to use memo from React. So make sure you import that. And inside of here, let's go ahead and let's return get country from time zone. This is the util that we developed in not sure which chapter but definitely when we wanted to display this flags here. So get country from time zone and in here simply pass the contact session question mark metadata question mark uh and time zone I think is the one we need. Yes. And then in here go ahead and add the contact session metadata time zone. And now we have the country info here. Now that we have the country info, we should be able to pass this uh in here. So, let's go ahead and do country info question mark.code if it's available. Let's do get country uh get country flag URL. So, make sure to import that as well from the same lib and pass in the country info.c code in here otherwise undefined. So get country flag URL is from the same util. And now there we go. You can see the flag for that user here so you know where they're from. Perfect. Now that we have that, let's go ahead and render some more user information here. So just below the dice bear avatar, I'm going to open a new div with a class name flex one overflow hidden div with the class name flex items center gap x of two and h4 contact session dotname and the class name line clamp one. There we go. Now we have the user's name here. Outside of this div, let's add a paragraph rendering the user's email. So, contact session email. There we go. Let's go ahead and style this paragraph here by giving it line clamp one as well. Text muted foreground and text small. Perfect. Now outside of this div right here where we used to render this let's add a button. So, make sure to import the button from workspace UI components button. And in here, let's add link from next forward slashlink. And we're going to render mail icon from Lucid React. And with the text send email and we're going to give this an href of mail to and then simply contact session email. Let's give this an as child prop class name of full width and a size of large. There we go. We now have a nice button which will send uh which will actually open your uh email app and automatically append the two to be this email. So that's what this does. Great. Now that we have that, it's time for us to uh render the user's metadata. So in order to do that, we first need to import all the accordion items. So accordion, accordion content, item, and trigger from workspace UI components accordion. Uh and now we would need to add browser uh into our app here. So, let's go ahead in the root of our app. Do PNPMF. This is web add. And let's do browser here. I'm going to show you the exact version that I'm using in case you want to be uh on the same page as me, but uh I'm not sure how often this version even changes. So, let's see exactly what I added here. Package JSON apps web browser 2.12.0. That is the version I am using. Now that I have browser, I can import that too. And that will allow me um to parse the metadata in a kind of a more reliable way here. So let's prepare a few functions for that. Just above the country info, I'm going to prepare const parse user agent which will be use memo. And in here I'm going to uh return user agent question mark string. If there is no user agent, I'm going to return browser unknown OS unknown device unknown. Otherwise, I will attempt to get the user's browser by using browser.get parser user agent. I will attempt to get the result from browser.get result. Once I have that, I can return back an object with a bunch of information. So, you you can of course limit how much information you actually want to show, but I'm going to show you what you can extract from the user agent. You can extract the browser using the result.browser.name or fall back to unknown. You can do the same thing with the browser version with the OS with the OS version and same thing for the device the user is on such as desktop, mobile, right? Then you can do the same thing for the device vendor and the device model. So the more information you have as a customer support agent, the easier it will be to debug what is actually happening to your user here. And now in here, let's go ahead and do one more function. So const user agent info is another use memo. And this one will very simply call the parse user agent function from above. And it's going to pass in the contact session do metadata dot user agent. And let me just add this. There we go. And this will also be in the dependency array here. So let me just collapse this here. So this and parse user agent function from above like this. Just make sure to immediately return and call this function here. Now that we have the user agent info, uh we are kind of ready to start showing some information here. So let me just try and JSON stringify this for now. So outside of this div, this is the place in this new div where we're going to render all of that. So let's try and stringify the user agent info. I think that's the one. That's the final one. Is it? It is. I think. So let me try and refresh. Yes, you have to refresh because we shut down our app to install uh browser. So it has to rebuild now. Let's give it a second. There we go. So browser Chrome browser version OS Mac OS uh devices desktop device vendor is Apple. Right. So some useful information about the user. Of course, when you actually deploy this to production, you will have to abide by the laws, right? You will have to check are you allowed to fetch that or not, of course. But for educational purposes, I'm just teaching you how you can do this. Uh great. Now that we have that, let's build a modular way for us to build these accordions uh so that they can just read from our metadata object and automatically populate the information inside when the user clicks. In order to do that, we're going to have to prepare some types first. So let's go ahead and let's add a type info item which is which has a label which is a required string a value which can be a string or a jsx or react node and an optional class name and let's also add another type called info selection with an ID of string and an icon of react component type which holds a class name a title and items which is an array of info items from above. And now that we have that, let's go ahead and let's build accordion sections array. So just before you do any returns, let's go ahead and do con accordion sections use memo info section like so. There we go. And now in here first let's do if there is no contact session do metadata we have nothing to return except an empty array. So let's return it like that. Otherwise let's return an actual array. The first thing we'll do is give it an ID of device info. And in here we're going to have an icon of monitor icon. So all icons will be imported from Lucid React. So make sure you add them. The title here will be device information. And then the items inside will be another array. The first item will be the label browser. And the value here will be user agent info.browser. And now you just have to kind of uh append some strings to make it look better, right? So plus and then open parenthesis user agent info.browser version. If the version exists, go ahead and append it like this. User agent info browser version. If it doesn't, just use an empty string. After that, let's add a label OS value. And then same thing, we're kind of appending the OS version if it exists. So user agent info plus if the OS version exists, append the OS version. Otherwise, add an empty string. You can also just do this, right? I'm just showing you a way that you can uh add a few more strings to here and you can display the OS version next to the OS if it exists. But we need to do it in this way. I'm leaving space here in purpose so it shows like the OS then a space and then the OS version but we also have to manually fall back to this so it doesn't actually display null or undefined in the string because that looks bad that's why we are using turnary here right same thing that we're doing here I just collapsed it for readability here uh okay now that I have at least something here uh I want to already start and attempt attempt to render this just so we see what we're building. So in here I'm going to check if conversation my apologies if contact session do metadata exists. In that case let's add accordion here. Let's give it class name full width rounded none border Y. Let's give it a prop collapsible and the type of uh it can be multiple, it can be single, whatever you prefer. Uh and let me just see. So collapsible does not exist. Oh, maybe it needs to be single then. Yes. Okay. And then let's do accordion sections map. And then let's render a section individually. So accordion item will be used to render the section. And let's go ahead and give it a key of section do ID. Let's give it the value of section dot id. And inside of here, let's add accordion trigger. And let's go ahead and render a div. Let's give this a class name flex items center and gap of four. Let's render section dot icon which is a self-closing tag. Give it a class name size four and shrink zero. And then a span rendering section.title and give this a class name. Actually no need for any class name like this. So let's try it out. There we go. Device information. And then when you click uh looks like it's not really opening anything because we didn't develop the accordion content. So just uh below the accordion trigger add accordion content here. This will have a class name of px5 and py4 a div inside with a class name space y2 and text small. And in here simply do section do items do map get the item render a div here and then render a span item label and then add like a little uh column here. Give this span a class name of text muted foreground. Give this div a class name of flex justify between. Give it a key of section. Okay, let's do section do ID dash section.l so it's unique item label. Whoops. And then in here another span rendering the item do value and a class name of item.classname. There we go. And now you can see the browser version and the OS as well as the version under the device information accordion. And now let's go ahead and just improve the styling of the accordion a bit. So we're only going to do this once and then we're just going to copy our accordians uh as we need them. So for the accordion item, open a class name and add rounded none outline none has focus visible Z10 has focus visible border ring has focus visible ring dash open square brackets 3 pixels has focus visible ring dash ring forward slash 50. Now for the accordion trigger, give it a class name of flex full width flex one items start justify between gap 4 rounded none. BG accent px 5 py4 text left font medium text small outline none transition all hover no dash underline disabled pointer events none disabled opacity 50 and I believe that's all we have to do there we go this is the exact styling that we need. And now we can just copy and paste this. Actually, no, we don't have to copy and paste anything. That That's it. We just have to now populate our uh accordion sections to have more info. If you're satisfied with how this looks already, you can just skip to the next chapter. Uh but I will show you how you can add some more information here because I'm sure some of you do want to see that. So after OS, let's go ahead and let's add label device. Let's go ahead and give this a value. And then the same thing, right? So user agent info.vice plus user agent info.vice model. And but let's collapse this like so. Uh so if the device model exists open back space dash space and then user agent info do device model otherwise empty string this is model. There we go. And we can also use the class name prop here to for example capitalize this. And now you can see that the desktop shows capitalized like this whereas Mac OS doesn't right because it looks kind of weird if desktop is uh lowerase. Perfect. Now let's go ahead and do some easier ones. So for example label screen value would be contact session do metadata screencreen resolution. Let's go ahead and copy this one. The next one would be viewport viewport size. Then we would have cookies cookie enabled. And it's actually better to just use a turnary here. So if it's enabled, show enabled. Otherwise, show disabled. So now you have cookies, viewport, much more information here, right? Uh now let's go ahead and add a whole new section here. So let me just check. Uh okay, so you have to go where the this device info object ends right here and add a new one. Give it an ID, location, info, icon, globe icon from Lucid React, title, location, and language. And give it items. Spread country info. Whoops. Like that. If country info exists, open an array. Otherwise, it's going to be an empty array. So, in here, let's add label country. And for the value, let's go ahead um and let's render a span country info.name. And let's give this a class name flex. Actually, we don't need anything. I think just this is enough. There we go. If you want to, you can also add some flag here, right? Uh, and now let's also add a few more elements in here. Um, so after this label language value, let's go ahead and use contact session metadata.language. Let's copy this. Let's add time zone. Let's copy this. And last one, let's do UTS UTC offset. Time zone offset. Let's see. Yeah, you can do it like that. Or maybe you can humanize it a bit. Maybe open uh this. So this is minus divide by 60 and turn it into hours. Did I do this correctly? Let me just check. Uh contact action. Okay, maybe we don't need this. No need to complicate this chapter any further. I think you get the point, right? Basically, uh all of the things that Oh, did they all just disappear now? How did I do that exactly? Let me just debug what's going on here. Oh yeah, one important thing and why this is actually happening is because this is missing some uh dependency array here. So let's add contact session, let's add user agent info, and let's add country info. And there we go. Now you will always have some things here. So yes, you can now add in here pretty much everything you want from your user metadata in the exact same way that I just added here. So you have the platform, the vendor, screen resolution, time zone, referral, current URL, and you can separate that into whatever section you want. I don't think it makes uh much sense for you to watch me uh populate all of those fields for another 15 minutes because they're exactly the same as I just did this. I think this is good enough. It shows the most useful information where the user is from as well as their device information. Uh and if you want to add even more fields, you can of course add even more fields inside of these uh uh accordion sections. Perfect. So now let's go ahead and merge this. So let's see, we created a new layout. We created a contact panel. Now let's commit the changes. And let's merge this pull request. So yes, you can see in here we have session details. So how would you do that? Well, the exact same way, right? You would just add uh another property here with an ID section details. The label would be section details. The icon would be clock icon. and the items. Let's make it an empty array like this. Uh do I need uh some items inside? Let's see. Let's just add at least one. So we have at least those three sections. So label session started value new date contact session_creation time to locale string. Let me just see if I did this correctly or not. It seems like I made a mistake somewhere. Just a second. So this ends here. location info ends here and then a new one is started. Let's see what did I do wrong. It's title, not label. There we go. And now you have section details. Right. So you can add as many of this uh elements as you want here. Perfect. Now that we have this, let's go ahead and stage all of those changes. So, I'm going to stage all changes. I'm going to add a message 30 contact panel. I'm going to commit. And I'm going to create a new branch. 30 contact panel. I'm going to publish branch. And now, let's open a pull request. And let's review. So, I'm creating a new pull request here. And let's see all the changes we did. And here we have the summary. We introduced a resizable split view layout on conversation pages. We added a contact panel showing device, browser, OS, screen, viewport, location, language, time zone, UTC offset as well as some session information. Uh all of this was done using our metadata and user agent string. In here we also have a sequence diagram explaining how our new uh function get one by conversation ID works as well as no actual comments other than some nitpick ones meaning we did a pretty good job with this one. So, let's go ahead and merge this pull request and then let's go back inside of our IDE, switch to our main branch, and click synchronize changes. This way, our main local branch is up to date with our main remote branch. As always, check the graph to confirm that we just merged in chapter 30 contact panel. I believe that marks the end of this chapter. Amazing job and see you in the next one. In this chapter, we're going to add subscriptions to our app. This will include creating the subscriptions backend schema. Creating the subscription functions so that we can protect our API routes. Creating a UI protection so users can't see pages which are only meant to be seen by premium users. And we're also going to add the dedicated billing page. All of this will be done quite easily. thanks to clerk billing. But let's start with the simplest part, creating the subscriptions schema. So we can synchronize convex database with clerk billing. Make sure you have your app running. Make sure you're on your main branch. And let's go ahead inside of our apps. Let's go inside of packages backend convex. And let's head inside of schema. And for my latest table, I'm going to add subscriptions. Let's go ahead and define this table in here. Let's set the organization ID to be a type of string. Let's set the status to be a type of string as well. And now let's just add an index here by organization ID using the organization ID field. That's the only thing we need. Make sure that you visit your backend app here and just confirm that it compiles normally and it pushes the table. Now that we've added our backend schema, let's enable billing on clerk. So head to the clerk dashboard and in here you will have a subscriptions tab. If you don't have it here, head inside of configure and scroll under the billing section. in here head inside of the settings. So, billing settings and let's go ahead and make sure that we enable this. So, let's see inside of subscription plans. If we click get started, that will enable the subscriptions I believe or if you click here, I think basically you need to create a plan and then this will consider uh this will be considered as enabled. So, let's go ahead and create a plan here. And let's go ahead and let's add an organization plan. Right? So we are working with plans for organizations. Now this will only appear for you if you have organizations enabled. Right? Uh if you don't have organizations enabled, I think you will only see the option plans for users. But since we are building a B2B app, our subscription will work per organization, right? So each organization will have their subscription plan. So yes the we are going to have one which is free. It was automatically created. Now let's click add plan and let's add a premium one. So this will be called pro. The key can stay pro. Uh and in the description I'm not sure we have to add anything. Let's go ahead and let's add 29 as the monthly base fee here. And let's just click save for now. There we go. So now inside of your subscription plans here, you should have the free plan and you should also have the pro plan. Now that you have that, make sure to click enable billing here. If you have that button, make sure that you see the message billing is enabled. You can also double check in the settings just to see that billing is enabled right here. And make sure that you have clerk payment getaway selected. Excellent. Now that we have that, let's go ahead back inside of localhost 3000 here. And let's go ahead and let's develop a very simple pricing uh view. So the pricing view will be here inside of plans and billing which currently is just an empty billing page. So let's go ahead and find that. So billing page.psx. Here we go. instead of app uh instead of apps web app dashboard billing page.dsx. So let's go ahead now inside of our modules let's create a new folder called billing. Inside of here let's create UI views and let's create billing view.dsx. Let's mark this as use client and export const billing view. Inside of here, let's return a div with a class name flex minimum height of screen flex column background muted and padding 8. Another div inside with the class name MX auto full width maximum width screen medium. Another div inside with a class name space Y2. An H1 element plans and billing and a class name text to Excel and the text for Excel. Below this heading, let's add a paragraph. Choose the plan that's right for you. And you can also replace this with appos like that. And now let's go ahead and back inside of this page and let's actually use the billing view import. There we go. Plans and billing. Choose the plan that's right for you. Instead of the billing view, we now have to build the pricing table. So this is how we're going to do that. Outside of this div, let's start a new one and give it a class name margin top of eight. And inside pricing table, let's not import this from anywhere. Instead, we're going to create the components folder inside of this UI. And let's add pricing dashtsx. Let's mark this as use client as well. Let's import pricing table from clerk next.js as clerk pricing table. So we alias it. The reason we are aliasing it is because we are going to have a constant called pricing table here. So if we didn't alias it, this is a conflict. So that's why we are aliasing the import. Now in here, let's go ahead and let's return a div class name flex flex column items center justify center gap y of four and let's add the clerk pricing table. Let's add one more thing here for organizations. Now let's import the pricing table not from clerk next.js but from our components pricing table. Let's refresh. And there we go. You now have the free tier and you have the new pro tier that we created. And if you click subscribe, you will see how easy it is to subscribe. I would recommend not doing it right now simply because we're going to test the free tier now. But if you accidentally subscribe, no worries. Just switch to an organization where you don't have uh the subscription or just create a new organization. As simple as that, right? Just make sure you are testing on some organization that doesn't have pro so it's easier for you to look at the free tier and how it's going to look like. Excellent. Uh now in order to make this look a little bit better, what I suggest uh we do is we go inside of the clerk here, go inside of uh my apologies inside of configure subscription plans and let's go inside of pro and let's go ahead and give it some features here so it will look better. So for the features, let's add AI customer support. Let's click create feature. Let's add AI voice agent. And just to uh put some ease of your mind, uh this isn't required. So yes, you can use this uh in a much better way than I'm doing it. I'm only doing it because when you add features and when they are marked as publicly available and when you refresh your pricing table, they will appear here. That's the only reason I'm doing it. Usually, you could do it like if you had multiple uh plans and some plan offers voice agent, another plan offers AI customer support, and then you would pick and choose what feature uh the organization has. So yes, you could technically just look for individual feature that some user has, but in my case, I'm just using it as a nice UI. So phone system, let's add that feature. Knowledge base, let's add that as well. And let's add team access. Because remember, even though we're using clerk organizations, we have limited our organization users to just one user. Let's revisit that quickly. Uh organization management settings, I believe. There we go. Default membership limit limited membership one. Why one? Uh oops. So, keep this as one. Why one? Well, very simple because clerk's billing. Let me see if I can find the exact. Okay, so these are the docs. But basically, clerk's uh organization uh has its costs only when it has two or more monthly active users within an organization. Right? So for that reason, if we just allow users to create new organizations for themselves and be alone inside, this does not make clerk costs any higher. Right? So in this specific scenario, these organizations are completely free for us and for our users. So in order to allow our users to invite new people, right? So if I go ahead and add Antonio@acample.com, you can see that this will now fail because we have a limit of one. So only once they upgrade, only once we are actually making money from this user does it make sense to allow them to invite new people because that will occur more costs on our side. So this is how we're going to make sure that our uh third party integration in this case clerk is self- sustainable and actually profitable for us. So that's always something that you have to think uh about. Great. So uh let me just refresh in here so we can see all the new features that we are going to get here. Amazing. Uh and yes, you can also add some things in the the free plan if you want to, but uh I think this kind of looks okay for now. Great. So now let's go ahead and just style these cards a little bit better instead of the pricing table here. So let's add appearance elements pricing table card shadow none border rounded large pricing table card header bg background. And let's copy this a few more times. The next one will be pricing table card body and pricing table card footer. There we go. Now this kind of looks like our style. Uh now what I want to do um is I want to um No, actually I'm okay uh with as it is right now. I wanted to change the color of this but I'm trying to think of the best way uh to do that. I think that we have to go inside of the layout inside of our web application and we have to find the clerk provider and in the clerk provider here there should be an option to add appearance variables and change the color primary. Now it cannot be a tailwind color it needs to be a hex color. So that is 3 C 82F6. And then there we go. Now the entire clerk is themed in our color. So I like this better. Great. So that's the billing page finished for us. But now uh it would be nice if we could you know prevent users who are on their free tier from uh visually even uh seeing the vidget customization, the voice assistant, right? I want all of that to kind of appear blocked or locked for free users and they have an option to get redirected to this pro plan and then they have to upgrade and then they'll have access to the knowledge base and such. So let's go ahead and figure out how we can do that. So the way that we can protect UI is actually very very easy again thanks to clerk and the fact that we are using their billing. So if you go inside the web app dashboard and let's see what do we want to protect. Well I think we can start with files because it's the first thing here the knowledge page right and let's go inside of it's page.tsx DSX and in here I'm going to import protect from clerk nextjs and that's all I'm going to do for now actually and I'm going to modify the return a little bit. So this time I will return protect and I will render files view inside and the condition will be if has plan pro. So how do I know I need to type pro here? It's very simple. It is because inside of my billing subscription plans uh let me refresh here. So I can find my pro plan. Find the key. So the key is what's used in your codebase to refer to this plan. So if this was pro123, I would have to write pro123 here. So check what the key stands for. If you've wrote it exactly as me, it should be pro. And the capitalization matters. So make sure that you write it like this. So if the user has I mean if the organization has plan pro then show the files view otherwise let's go ahead and let's show uh you need to upgrade like this there we go you need to upgrade right but if I change this to let me see what is the name of our free plan right so we always have to check that inside of free free_org. So let me check with that. And now I can again see the knowledge base because I changed this to be the free plan. But let's keep it pro for now. And now let's make a little bit of a nicer overlay here so that uh this kind of a a lock screen looks better. In order to do that, let's implement a feature called premium feature overlay. We're going to do that inside of the billing modules. Inside of UI components, let's add premium feature overlay. DSX. Let's mark this as use client. And let's import a bunch of things from Lucid React. Starting with type Lucid icon. And now let's add all the other icons we're going to need. So book open icon, bot icon, gem icon and now let's add microphone icon, plet icon, phone icon and users icon. Let's add use router from next navigation. Let's import the button from workspace UI components button. And let's import everything we need from our card including the card content, description, header, and the title. Now let's create some types. So we have modular display of the features that user will unlock when they upgrade. So interface feature will have an icon of lucid icon label of string and the description of string. And let's create another interface premium feature overlay props. We'll only accept children. Now let's go ahead and create a constant called features which will be a type of feature and an array of those like that. Now let's go ahead and export const premium feature overlay. Let's assign the props. Let's extract the props. Now let's render something here. So I'm going to render a div with a class name relative and a minimum height of screen. Then I'm going to create blurred background content. This will render the children. And I'm going to give this pointer events none, select none, and blur 2 pixels. Below that, I'm going to add an overlay. An overlay is going to be a self-closing div. It's going to have a class name of absolute inset zero. Background black with 50% opacity. backdrop. Whoops. Backdrop blur 2 pixels. And that's it. And now in here, I'm going to add the upgrade prompt. So I think that already we should be able