 to uh see this. So let's quickly go back inside of the page and let's see how we're going to use this. So let's import premium feature overlay from modules billing UI and inside of the fallback let's do the following render premium feature overlay and then inside render the files view like this. And now this is what will happen. We kind of give the user a sneak peek of what's behind but we don't let them interact with this. And if you think, oh, but isn't this a security issue? We are rendering the component. No, rendering UI things shouldn't ever allow your user to actually do something. Our API routes, our functions are very well protected. Uh, I mean, you definitely know that we check the user identity and the organization ID in every single private API route or API function if you want to call them that way. So, you don't have to worry about importing or rendering a component that a premium user shouldn't see. That's perfectly fine, right? We're just going to check on the back end if they're allowed to do this or not. Uh, but yeah, this is what I kind of want to do. I want to give them a sneak peek and then I'm going to give them a prompt if you want to see what's fully behind upgrade. And that's what we're going to do now. So the upgrade prompt will be a div with a class name absolute insert zero zindex of 40 flex items center justify center and padding four. Then let's add card class name full width maximum width medium. Then let's add card header. Let's give the card header a class name of text center. Let's create a div with a class name flex items center justify center and another div with a class name margin bottom of two inline flex height 12 width 12 items center justify center rounded full border background muted And inside render the gem icon which we previously imported. Give the gem icon a class name of size six and text muted foreground. There we go. So a little uh model like component with a gem which represents kind of this is premium right? And outside of these two divs, still inside of the card header, add the card title which will say premium feature and give this a class name text extra large. Then below that card description. This feature requires a pro subscription. There we go. Outside of card header, add card content with a class name space Y 6. And in here, we're going to render the features list. So this will be a div with a class name space Y 6. And now let's add at least one feature in here in the features array. For example, let's add AI customer support. So, object icon, bot icon, label, AI, customer support, description, intelligent, automated responses 247. Now that we have that, let's go ahead inside of here and let's iterate over our features. So, features map get the individual feature and let's go ahead and render something inside. So this will be a div with a key of feature label. Class name flex items center gap three. Inside of here, a div with a class name flex size 8 items center justify center around the large border and background muted. Inside let's render feature icon and a class name size for text muted foreground. There we go. So first feature is starting to appear. Outside of that div, let's create a new one with a class name text left. Inside of that div, let's go ahead and create a paragraph which will render the feature label and another paragraph which will render the feature description. Now let's style those paragraphs. The first one will have a class name font medium and text small. And the second one will have a class name text muted foreground and text extra small. Great. Now outside of this this still inside of the card content let's add the button. Let's say view plans and let's give some attributes to the button. Starting with the class name full width on click for now an empty arrow function and size of large. Now in order to make this button redirect to somewhere let's prepare our router hook here const router use router we already have the router here imported from next navigation and now what we have to do is router push billing and there we go now you can click here and you get redirected to the billing and now let's just go ahead and add as many features as we want here. So the next one can be uh voice agent feature. So use the microphone icon AI voice agent with this description. You can pause the screen and then copy with me if you want. Phone icon, phone system, inbound and outbound calling capabilities. Then let's add the knowledge base book open icon knowledge base train AI on your documentation. Let's add the uh team access now. So icon users icon label team access description up to five operators per organization. Now let's add widget customization. Customize your chat widget appearance using the plet icon. And now it should look like this. If you think it's too much, you can of course remove some of them because they will see the plans here. Again, I just think it's kind of worthy to create a separate component for this. It looks kind of cool, at least in my opinion. Uh, and now we just have to repeat this for widget customization and for voice assistant. So, let's go ahead and do it inside of the widget customization. So customization page. So that's inside of dashboard customization page. DSX. Let's import premium feature overlay. Let's import protect from clerk. NextJS. And I'm just going to copy this entire thing here and replace it here like this. And I'm just going to replace the files view with the customization view. And now there we go. You can see that this is a protected premium feature. Now yeah, this doesn't look the best that you have to scroll. Uh yeah, but I'm pretty sure you can fix that somehow. Maybe disabling the scroll within the premium feature overlay would be one way to do it. Not sure. Yeah, but at least something to give the users a sneak peek and then like click here to upgrade. Right. And we also have to do that in the uh voice assistant right here. So I'm going to copy this thing again. Let's go inside of VPY page. DSX. So inside of plugins page.dsx. Okay, let me just remove the double return. And now let me just import protect from clerk next.js premium feature overlay and replace files view with vopy view. So now we have a nice little reusable way to protect uh protect our UI things, right? So only premium users uh should be able to see these things. And if you want to test it out, let's try and subscribe, right? You can just click pay with test card if you're in development mode, of course. And there we go. You can see it's instant. And let's try and click inside of knowledge base. I just realized they have a typo. Knowledge base. And but yeah, you can see now it works. You can see them. And if you switch to some organization that doesn't have the pro tier, they can't access it. So our uh billing is scoped per organization B2B app exactly what we wanted. So let me just fix the knowledgebased issues. Sidebar dashboard sidebar knowledgebase. There we go. Perfect. Uh excellent. So now if you're wondering where does this subscription appear? It appears in your clerk subscriptions tab right here. There we go. revenue 29, monthly recurring revenue 29. This organization is now on pro plan. Perfect. So, uh we did the subscription schema and we added the UI protection and we added the billing page. Now, let's develop the subscription functions. So usually uh how I would attempt to do this, how I would attempt to connect uh convex backend with clerk subscription state is by visiting the JVT template, right? Convex right here. And then in here I would search for organization subscription, right? But as you can see, uh that currently doesn't exist. So it's not something that we can add in our token. It would be nice if we could kind of add if organization is on pro plan because if we could do that we technically wouldn't even have to have our uh subscription schema table right but because of that reason because we can't add them we have to manually keep track of when user subscribes. So yes, right now we actually subscribed but we never actually created the subscription table because we don't have the web hook set up but we will do that uh we'll do that next. Let's first finish the subscription functions. So I'm going to go inside of my packages backend convex system and in here I will create subscriptions.ts. Let's import V from convex values. Let's import internal mutation and internal query from generated server. And let's export constert which will be internal mutation. The arguments this will accept is organization ID which is a type of string and status which is a type of string. Let's go ahead and set the handler here. In the handler, we accept the context and the arguments. And let's check if we have the existing subscription by using await context database dotquery subscriptions with index by organization ID. And let's query organization ID arguments organization ID. and let's pick the unique one. So only one organization uh only one subscription per organization can exist. If existing subscription is true, meaning if it exists, what we're going to do is we're going to patch it. We are updating it then. So let's patch it and let's simply update the status of that organization. Otherwise, we are creating it for the first time. So we are inserting inside of subscriptions with organization ID and with status for the very first time. So this is the function that we are going to use to uh create or update the status of someone's subscription through our web hook. But we need to prepare that here in the internal mutation so that we can actually call it within a web hook. Now that we are here, let's also attempt to fetch uh a subscription internally. So expert const get by organization ID internal query arguments organization ID string handler asynchronous. Let's get the context and the arguments. And we're going to do a very simple thing this. So let's just copy and paste it here. In fact, we can return await context database subscriptions by organization ID arguments organization ID unique. So this is going to be our internal query that we're going to use throughout our other API routes to confirm whether this organization that the user has in their identity token has subscription or not. Perfect. So right now if you go and visit your convex.dev here and if you log in uh you will see that your dashboard subscriptions table is completely empty. Right? So make sure you're inside of app here. Make sure that you have this open the tables. Click inside of subscriptions and you will see it's empty because we never ever create a subscription. So how do we create subscriptions, right? We now have the functions but how do we actually create the subscriptions when someone uh upgrades for the first time? Well, we do that using web hooks. So, in order to set up web hooks within Convex and connect them to Clerk, there are a couple of steps we have to do. And you can find a very, very good boilerplate example by heading to Convex docs and search for clerk and web hook. They don't have the exact thing that we need here, but they have a pretty similar one, which is storing users in the convex database. So, we don't really have a need for this. uh but if we did we could also leverage the web hook for that but in here if you scroll after their initial thing so what do they do here first they create the users table schema you can think of this as our subscriptions table right then they create mutations we did this too in right now inside of the system subscriptions the internal queries right and now we are skipping this we're skipping this we are skipping this and scroll down until you find setup web hooks because this is what we are interested in. So in order to set up web hooks, usually you would need to somehow start a local tunnel to give clerk web hooks access to your app. But since we using convex, convex is already a cloud. Convex can already contact clerk and vice versa. So all we have to do is find our uh convex web hook endpoint. So in order to do that, we have to find the site uh URL. And there are a couple of ways you can do that. uh you in here you can see you can see your deployment name in the environment local file in your project directory or your convex dashboard as part of the deployment URL. So let's go ahead and check inside of our convex folder here in the back end we have environment.local uh and you can see that I have the convex URL here. So that's one way we can do it. But keep in mind in here it says it needs to end in site notcloud. I'm pretty sure all we have to do is just change this to site. But let's see if there is another way we can find it. Uh perhaps by going inside of the settings here uh and let's see if I click show development credentials. There we go. HTTP actions URL. This is the one we need. Let me just check. Is it exactly as I thought? Convex URL. Yes, it's exactly the same. It's just not cloud, it's site. So, find this HTTP actions URL. And then let's head inside of uh clerk. Let's head inside of the dashboard again. And in here, let's go inside of configure and let's find the web hooks. In the web hooks here, let's go ahead and click add endpoint. Let's add it. And let's do forward slashclerk-web hook. So this is the new endpoint that we're going to create later on. But this is important. https and then convex. Like this. Now the events that we're going to subscribe to is going to be in my case subscription events like this. In fact, the only one that I will listen to is updated. But I just want to bring to your attention that you can manually select all of this if you want to. So I'm only interested in the subscription.updated event. That's the only one I need. Uh in here, I don't think I need anything. So I will just click create like this. Great. Now that we have that, we need the signing secret right here. So let's copy the signing secret. That's very important. So click here to reveal it and then copy it entirely. And first things first, let's add it to our packages backend environment.local. So I'm going to add uh oh, do we already uh have the Oh, my apologies. No, this is not the one. Uh I Okay, I was searching for what's the correct name to store this into. So clerk web hook secret and let's add it here. So just after clerk secret key and once you've added it here super important also go inside of your project settings environment variables add and add it here clerk web hook secret and save. There we go. Now you are ready to actually receive something here. So what we're going to have to do before we can continue is just add a small package. So PNPMF backend adds six. So clerk uses six to handle uh their web hooks. So we need it here in order to authorize the headers from the web hook. So make sure you have added that inside of your backend. And once you've done that, let's go ahead and let's create our endpoint. So inside of packages backend convex, create a new file http.ts exactly like this. It's a reserved file. And now in here let's go ahead uh and let's create the router. So const HTTP will be HTTP router from convex server like this. Uh and make sure that you do export default HTTP. And once you do this I think that there shouldn't be any errors. Let's see. Running TypeScript finalizing push. There we go. So convex must have a default export of the router. We just added that. So everything is fine now. Great. And now let's add our first route. So similarly to express or hono http.oute Route path clerk dash web hook method post handler HTTP action which you can import from generated server asynchronous context request like that. And then in here, let's go ahead and let's uh first validate the event and then listen to subscription.update and then we're going to call our system subscriptions upsert internal mutation so that we either create the new subscription table or update existing. So every time the organization updates uh my apologies upgrades uh this web hook is going to fire. So it's important that this clerk-web hook matches exactly how we name our route here. Clerk-bhook, right? So if I change this to 1 2 3, I also have to modify this to one two three. Okay? But for now, just leave it to be normal. So the first thing we're going to have to do here is create a validate request method. In order to do that, let's go ahead and import uh something from which we just recently added to our project. So import web hook from six like this and let's also import create clerk client from clerk backend. Uh and I think uh let's also add type web hook event from clerk backend. Now let's go ahead and create this uh validate request function. So I'm going to do that here. Const actually let's do asynchronous function validate request. It will accept the request which is a type of normal request and it will return back a promise. The promise will either have a web hook event type or null. So we basically have to validate that whoever is trying to access this clerk web hook endpoint is authorized to access it and the only person the only thing that's uh uh uh available to access this is clerk. So we have to make sure that their headers uh match exactly what needs to be decrypted when decrypted with our clerk web hook secret. So there are no chances anyone can access this but clerk who we expect to access this right. So let's go ahead and do const payload string await request.ext. So we turn it into a string. Now let's define the six headers. Let's start with six dash id request headers.getix get six dash id or empty string. Be super careful here. There are no type safety here. So make sure you don't misspell six- ID, six- ID. Let's copy this and let's change this to six timestamp and timestamp 2. Then let's do six signature and six signature here. So double, triple, quadruple check that you don't have any typos here because it's going to be hard for you to debug why your requests are failing. Now let's attempt to get the web hook by doing new web hook process.vironment clerk web hook secret like so. The clerk web hook secret is what we've just added here in the environment local and what you absolutely need to have in here as well. So we copy that from here the signing secret. Perfect. Now that we have this, let's go ahead and do a try and a catch. Let's first do the catch. So console dot error error verifying web hook event error. Actually let's not do it within a string. Let's just add it like this. And let's return null. And in the try, let's do return web hook. payload string civix headers as unknown as web hook event like this. So now we have an official way of verifying that whoever is trying to access this is coming from clerk. So we can now go back inside of our HTTP action and let's do const event and attempt to get the event using await validate request which we just wrote and pass in the request. So this will either throw an error or this will either return null or it will uh allow us to have the event and then we can check if the event type is subscription updated. So in case there is no event it means either an invalid event has been sent or someone malicious is trying to access this. So we need to treat this as if an unauthorized user is attempting to access an authorized route. So return new response error occurred and status 400. We don't let anyone passed this point. Otherwise if we do get a valid event that can only happen if it's actually clerk who sent this event. So let's switch event.t type case subscription.updated updated because that's the only one we are listening to. So constant subscription will be event data as status string payer which is an object an optional object which has organization underscore id. So clerk uses this casing. They don't use the same casing as we do. So be careful. How do I know that it's payer? And how do I know it's this? If you go inside of clerk here, if you go inside of event catalog, search for subscription, search for subscription.updated, it will scroll down to here, open that, go inside of data, and in here you can find the payer object. The payer has the organization ID only populated for organization payers. So yes, technically it could be optional. Due to the nature of our app, we are almost 100% certain that this will exist. But yes, technically it is optional by their type safety definition. But you can see how it's typed organization ID. And outside of the payer, I also know that there's a status which can be abandoned, active, canceled, ended, incomplete, or passed due. So now that I have those two things, what I'm going to do first is I'm going to grab the organization ID from subscription. Uh my apologies, this is just one subscription. So subscription.payer.organization ID. And make sure to put a question mark here. In case there is no organization ID, I have no idea who purchased this and I don't know what to do with my database. So I have no choice but to return a response with an error. Missing organization ID because I don't know what organization should I update, what table should I create? I'm missing a reference to the buyer here. Otherwise, first things first, one thing that still doesn't work is that even though I'm upgraded here in this account, as you can clearly see in my plans and billing, let me just uh refresh. So, if I go inside of my plans and billing, obviously I am active on the pro plan, but still if I try to invite someone, it's not working. So, Antonioample.com is still throwing me an error. So, how do we fix that? Well, we fix it by using the clerk backend API uh to well upgrade. So, right here, what I'm going to do is initialize const clerkclient create clerk client secret key will be process dot environment clerk secret key. Now just double check that you have clerk secret key added here. Make sure there are no typos and also make sure that you have it inside of your convex environment variable clerk secret key. And you can also add a fallback like this. Perfect. Now that we have the clerk client, we can actually use that to upgrade this organization's ID settings and to increase the number of allowed members. So await clerk client organizations update organization using the organization ID maximum allowed memberships and in here you can see that you can set a number to how many members you want to allow. So I'm going to set five members. So now this will no longer be an error because we will increase this from the limit of one to five because they are now paying members. And let's await context run mutation internal system. I didn't import internal. So let's do internal from generated API system.subscriptions. Pass in the organization ID and status to be subscription. status. And yes, let's go ahead and also modify this. So, const new uh max allowed memberships if subscription status is equal to active it will be five otherwise it will be one. I think that's the correct logic right. So if they just if we receive this web hook event subscription has been updated and we see that subscription status is set to active then we give them the new number hey you can access uh you can add up to five members otherwise if this becomes canled or passed due we fall back and give the user only access to one user. I think that makes sense. Uh great. So let me see uh what else do we need to do here. So yes, this is a a switch case. So we need to properly finish it. So first things first, let's break. After that, let's add a default console log ignored clerk web hook event.ype so we know if any uh ignored events are happening here. And let's return new response null with a status of 200. This is important. You always have to return something at the end of your web hooks. Otherwise, they will be considered uh failures. Great. There we go. If we've done this correctly, this should now all work. But we can only test this uh in a new organization. So, either switch to a new organization or just create a new one. And let's try again. So, I cannot access my knowledge base. I cannot access voice assistant. and I cannot access my widget customization. Not only that, but I cannot invite anyone. So, Antonio@ample.com send invitations not working. Now, I'm going to upgrade. And not only am I going to upgrade, I'm also going to keep a close track here in the activity or maybe logs, what whatever shows first. So, you can see you can select this endpoint and I think in here you can track message attempts. So, let's click subscribe. Let's click pay with test card and let's see if it works. Maybe we forgot something. So, immediately I'm upgraded. That's great. So, I already know I can now see the knowledge base. I can see the voice assistant, right? But let's see. Clerk, let's go ahead and refresh here. And there we go. I have a succeeded subscription type in here. And you can see exactly that I had uh the payer I think somewhere here. I can't find where it is. There we go. Payer right here. And I can find the organization ID for my payer. Perfect. Uh which should mean uh I'm trying to find uh yes. So we have to go inside of here inside of data subscriptions. There we go. I have a new subscription with the organization ID and status active. And I can think I can already check inside of organizations. So it's this one, my test, the previous one, right? If I go inside of settings here. There we go. Limited members are now five because we upgraded them. So if I've done this correctly, and I think I did, if I go ahead and I add uh a random email here and click send invitations. There we go. invitations successfully sent, which means that we officially allow uh this new member invites. Amazing, amazing job. Uh so since this chapter is already an hour long uh and we've done the hardest part, I'm going to end it here and then in the next chapter, we're just going to do a very easy uh API check if we have the subscription table or not. And uh using that we are going to either allow or block AI features and things like that. But most of the things are finished and I'm pretty sure some of you already know exactly how you would uh wrap this up. But don't worry, we are going to do it together just in the next chapter. Uh, and yes, one thing I think exists now in the subscriptions, if you actually find a subscription like this one for the test, I think that not sure where, but I saw that maybe you can now kind of like force uh you can kind of force the end of the subscription. I'm just not sure how. I'll try and research for the next chapter. There we go. So yes, cancel subscription is one thing, but end subscription kind of simulates if the user stopped paying and their active, you know, paid tier expires. So if I click end subscription now, what should happen is that first of all, I should get an upgrade here. Let's see. I'm not getting an upgrade. Okay, that's not uh I'm not sure if I did something incorrectly or maybe that exact event doesn't fire a web hook, but you can see this is upgraded immediately. I am now blocked once again. But um yes, I'm not sure if that fired an event. Let's see inside of where is it? Um where are my web hooks? I can't find them. Here they are. the web hooks. Okay, so subscription updated right here. This is the new one that just happened. So we have the data here. We have the payer. That's correct. Uh and the status was still initialized as active. Okay. So I think this is just a bug uh with their uh development feature. Of course, this is I think this is just a development feature which allows us to kind of end subscription now. I just think they didn't uh they set the incorrect status in their web hook event. I think in I'm 99% certain in production uh when it ends naturally and not via this development button uh the status will correctly change to ended or cancelled. Right? So that's why this appears as a bug but it's actually not. It works as intended. They just forgot to change the status. I will try to double check this for you, but I'm fairly certain that's what happened. All right. So, uh yes, we can kind of consider this API protection because it was mostly web hook, but sure, let's let's uh I'm satisfied with this for now and then in the next chapter, we'll do the actual API protection. Uh amazing. So, 31 subscriptions. Let's go ahead and merge this. So, I'm going to stage all of my changes. 31 subscriptions. Commit. I'm going to open a new branch. 31 subscriptions. And I'm going to publish the branch. And now, let's open a pull request. And here we have this summary. We added billing page with new billing view and pricing table. We introduced premium feature overlay prompting upgrades for nonpro users. We enforced prop plan access for customization files and VPY pages with graceful fallback. We updated account UI primary color for authentication components. So this is referring to the variable color we added to the clerk provider. And in here we have a sequence diagram explaining uh both how our premium feature overlay works as well as how our new clerk web hook works with in-depth explanation of how we actually verify the payload. Amazing. We do have some comments here. Most of them are uh recommending to not render the files view or the whatever view within the premium feature overlay. And yes, the premium feature overlay can be used as simple as just, you know, a normal tag here. But I think it's cool to kind of give the users a sneak peek of what's behind, right? So that's the only reason we are doing that. But I'm not sure code rabbit understands what we're trying to do here. Uh so yes, it is to prevent unnecessary fetching. True. Yes. Uh but we will protect that in the back end in any way. So uh great. Uh, and in here I don't think it has the information about the newest organizations prop because it is technically in beta. So that's why it thinks four organizations doesn't exist, but it does exist and we need it for our use case. Amazing amazing job. So once we merge this, let's go ahead and change back to main branch and click synchronize changes. This way we will have up to date with our remote branch which we just merged into. And as always I like to finish by confirming that I have that merged right here. Perfect. I believe that marks the end of this chapter. Amazing amazing job and see you in the next one. In this chapter we're going to add some API improvements. This will include finally creating the refresh method for our contact session. We are then going to actually use that new refresh function to refresh the contact session when needed which is whenever user is active. You will be able to decide for yourself what you think should count as a session refresh. Basically it's a way so we don't delete the user's session because remember user sessions have a expired uh time right? So if you want to prolong that, if the user is active, if the user is sending messages or opening new conversations, it would make sense to prolong that expiration. So after 24 hours passes, they don't come back and all of their conversations are gone. And then we are also going to use our previously created subscription stable to protect some API functions for proon features. Let's start by creating the refresh contact session method and let's kind of refresh what and how this even works. So if you go inside of packages backend convex public contact sessions in here we have the create method. So this is how we create contact sessions and in here you can see that this lasts for 24 hours in milliseconds right. So uh let's go ahead and see what happens. So we set it to last 24 hours, right? And after certain time, it expires. What happens then? Well, exactly what's happening to me right now. Even though I made I I recorded some chapters yesterday, you can see that now my session is completely gone. Well, well, that's not really the greatest experience because I had some chats open. I sent some messages. It would make sense that my session was prolonged and for at least another 24 hours because of that, right? So every time I send a new message, uh if I am within the expired threshold, it should prolong. So it shouldn't just add 2448 up to infinity, of course, but it should have some kind of threshold. If I'm very close to expiring and if I'm still active, I should just add another 24 hours to this account just in case, right? So let's go ahead and just remind ourselves how that works. So uh go inside of this create method and just briefly modify this instead of this. Let's go ahead and just use uh I don't know uh 10 seconds like this. So 10 * 1,000. So [snorts] now if I go ahead and create uh 10 10@mail.com, you will see that this works just fine. I can refresh. I'm still here. I can still join here. Everything works. But after 10 seconds, if I wait, if I wait some more, some more, some more, I will eventually have to log in again, right? My session just expired after 10 seconds. So, for now, I want you to keep this at 10 seconds or maybe 30 seconds if it's easier for you to work with. So, you have a visualization of how our session expires. And now let's go ahead. Let's go inside of system and let's go inside of contact sessions. In here we should have get one. And now we're going to add a new one which we're going to call refresh. So export const refresh is going to be internal mutation like so. It will have some arguments. Let me just close this. There we go. It will have arguments contact session id which is a type of v do id contact sessions. We will have a handler asynchronous context and arguments. Whoops. Okay. And inside of here, what will happen is first things first, let's attempt to get the contact session by doing await context database get arguments contact session ID. If there is no contact session, let's go ahead and throw new convex error from values with a code not found and a message contact session not found. Then let's check if it's already expired. So if contact session.expires expires at is less than date. Now, there's no point in refreshing this. It already expired, right? So, we just throw back an error here. Uh, and let's give this a code of expired contact session expired or maybe bad request would be the better type of code to throw here. And now if it is not expired, let's see how much time we have remaining. So time remaining here is contact session.expires at minus date.now. And now in order for us to decide do we refresh this or not, we have to check if we are within some kind of threshold to refresh. So, how about we make it so that the auto uh refresh threshold is 4 hours. So, if we have 4 hours left and the user is still active, we are going to refresh this and give them another 24 hours. Uh why 4 hours? I don't know. I just feel like that's a logical number. You can put 10 hours. You can put if they have 12 hours left. You can put if they have 23 hours left if you want them to have the best experience. But do keep in mind the longer you keep the session open, the more it is susceptible to some kind of session attacks, right? Uh so just for now let's also copy the session duration here exactly this one which we just modified. So make sure the session duration is exactly the same as in your public file here. And now let's finish this method here. So once we have the time remaining, let's check if time remaining is within the auto uh refresh threshold. Let's create the new expires at which will be datenow plus the session duration in milliseconds which I just copied here from here. That's why it's important that it's the same. So we renew the entire expires at property and then we can do await context. database.patch arguments dot contact session ID expires at new expires at and let's return contact session expires at new expires at and let's return contact session otherwise. Great. So now we have a method that we can use to refresh the session. So let's try it out. I think the most logical uh way to use this refresh is whenever user sends a message, right? So in the public messages here, let's find the create. So if the user sends a new message a after we confirm that this conversation exists after we confirm everything here is actually fine let's go ahead and do uh await context and I think that we have to do let me just see is this a mutation I already forgot it's a mutation so I think we can just do await context dot uh run mutation internal dots system context session s dotre and pass in the contact session ID to be let's see what do I actually have I have arguments contact session ID perfect arguments contact session ID so I will add a little comment here this refreshes refreshes the users session if they are within the threshold so the user at this point since they're sending a message is obviously active, right? Uh but their session could expire soon. So if we detect that the user is active and their session is about to expire if they have less than 4 hours left, uh we are going to refresh this for them. So let's try this out now. So I keep talking about this 4 hours, but this actually makes no sense because I just returned this to be uh uh 10 seconds. So let me just modify this too. instead of 4 hours, I'm going to set this to be I don't know if we have uh 5 seconds left. So, if the user uh is inactive for 5 seconds and then sends a message after 5 seconds, I'm going to grant them a new expiry date. So, let's check that out. So, first things first, I'm going to go ahead and try this again. So, test one. test one and mail.com and let's try one two 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 I believe that now after I refresh I have to create a new account but this time I'm going to try something else I'm going to attempt to send a message. So, 1 2 3 4 5 and let's send a message. Test 6 7 8 9 10. At this point, if I refresh, I should be logged out, right? Except I am not. I can still type here because I actively refresh my session every time that I send a message. But if I don't do absolutely anything again for another 10 seconds, I will have to enter my uh credentials again and start from scratch. This obviously feels very short uh in this example, but that's because we made this to be 10 seconds and this to be 5 seconds. In real world example, we set this to 24 hours and we set the threshold to 4 hours. So, if someone has 4 hours until we expire their session and we notice, hey, they are still sending messages, they are opening new conversations and they only have 4 hours left. Let's give them another 24 hours so they can relax. You can see that now when I refresh, I'm fairly certain again I have to create a new account. So, we just proved that this entire thing works. Amazing. Now, let's go inside of the contact sessions. Let's bring this back to 24 hours here. Let's copy it. Let's paste it here in the system. So, it uses 24 hours here as well. Uh, and yes, let's also fix the alpha threshold ms to be 4 hours. So, this is 4 hours in milliseconds and this is 24 hours in milliseconds. Uh, let me find is there a way I can do inside of convex here. Uh, let me go ahead and create constants. constants. DS and I will attempt to just once write this instead of that new constants and export it. So export session duration milliseconds and then let me try and maybe import it. Can I do that? I think that I can. And I will also do it here. So now I don't have to type it in two places. I can just import it from constants, right? Let me check. Everything seems to be working just fine here. Perfect. So now if I am active within 20 uh within 4 hours of my expiry, I will get another 24 hours. And now it's up to you to decide, you know, what should uh be considered a refresh, right? So when the user sends a new message, it makes perfect sense. Let's refresh the user session, right? Let's run this internal mutation. So you can do this for anything you want really. Uh I wouldn't really do it for get many. Maybe that's a bit too much, but you could if you want to. This way, every time this contact session ID fetches their messages, it will be considered as hey, they're active. No need no reason to remove their session, right? Another place you can put this for example would be conversations in the public folder. Let's try and find this. So not get one. Let's try and find create mutation here. There we go. So after you confirm the session, uh yeah, already here I think this is good enough. Let's go ahead and do this. Right. So if the user creates a new conversation, why wouldn't we refresh their session, right? That makes sense. Just make sure you have imported the internal and just like that you have improved users experience on the vidget side because now they have longer lived sessions. Perfect. So we just completed this and we completed this and now let's learn how to protect our functions for proon features. So the most logical place to uh uh check this for is in when we send messages. That's right, in the public folder right here, public messages. And in here we actually have a to-do implement subscription check. So when should we actually trigger support agent response? Because this is how we decide whether we should trigger uh the the response or not. Well, right now it's only if the status of the conversation isn't unresolved. But now let's enhance this by adding a new thing. const subscription await context run query internal dots system.subscriptions get by organization ID and passing organization ID to be conversation.organization ID. So we have all of those things. Why are we doing run query and then calling internal here? Just a reminder create is an action. It doesn't have access to the database. So now that we uh get the conversation from here right using another internal query and we confirm we have it it means we have an organization ID and then we can use our previously created internal system subscriptions get by organization ID which very simply attempts to find the organization subscription using the index and and returns a unique subscription. And now what we're going to very simply do is improve this should trigger agent by also checking if subscription question mark status is equal to active and this is just single subscription like this and we can remove this to-do now. So we are only going to call support agent.generate generate text as in respond to this user's query if the conversation status is unresolved and if this organization actually has a subscription because our AI responses are a premium feature for this SAS. Of course, you can decide this logic for yourself, but I'm just using the most logical one. So, let's try it out now, shouldn't we? Uh, I'm going to go ahead and create a completely new organization and I'm going to call it free as in this is my free organization, right? And then I'm just quickly going to go inside of the conversations here and I'm going to go inside of the clerk dashboard and I will copy the organization ID for that new free organization because it's important because once I have the organization ID I can go to my localhost 3001 and in the URL I can change my organization ID param to use that new organization ID. So in here I obviously have to create a new account because this would be a brand new website that you would encounter this vidget on. So I'm going to be Antonio@acample.com and I'm going to click continue. As you can see there are no options here because this is a brand new organization. So no voice features, nothing. And I'm going to click start chat. And sure this is the start message but this isn't AI, right? This is us hard- coding a hello message. I think this is fine to have all the time, right? This is the bare minimum. The chat box should greet you in some way. Now, let's go ahead and do uh checking if AI will respond. And as you can see, no response. That is because this organization is free, right? So, no AI can respond, but luckily the actual operator can respond. Hey there. So, automatically this turns into escalated uh because that's how we decide the flow will go. The flow is definitely more tailored towards pro users, but you can still it works pretty fine with free users as well. So, yes, AI does not respond now because subscription is not active. But let's see what happens if they decide to upgrade their free organization. Let's subscribe to $29 a month. Looks like we have some bug here, but let's go ahead and just continue with the payment for now. There we go. Payment was successful. And let's see what happens now. So, the first thing that should happen is our convex dev should now have a new subscription table for our free organization. So inside of Echo tutorial, if I go inside of my data here, inside of my subscriptions, I have two of them and both of them are active. The previous one was active. It's kind of a bug actually, but the new one is active for real. And if I try this now, start chat and say, "Hey, can I talk to AI?" Let's see. There we go. You are already talking to an AI. So it works because we just upgraded. So the internal subscription that was found was checked to have status active and the conversation status was unresolved which is by default which means should trigger agent turns to true and now the AI responds. Amazing. And now you can use this exact logic here to protect whatever you want internally. Right? For example, we do have some things we can protect. Uh inside of the conversations here, we have this feature. Uh what do you mean? For example, we have this enhance feature, right? And when we click on it, it spends our API tokens. I think those are the most important things to protect with an organization with a subscription check. So, uh let's see where do we do that? It's in private. Is it in messages? Here it is. Enhance response here. So after we get the organization ID, let's do the following. Let's attempt to get the subscription using our internal system here. And let's simply use the org ID. And then if there is no [snorts] subscription question mark status, my apologies, if subscription question mark status is not equal to active, let's throw new convex error here. code bad request message missing or maybe I don't know uh missing subscription right whatever and let's try this again now so since in my ironically free organization I still have uh premium let me refresh now and let me try this hya enhance does it work it works hello how can I CC today perfect but if I go ahead and start another organization test free again. This one is now completely empty. Uh and let's try this again. So I just have to go to the organizations. I have to go ahead and copy the organization ID. I have to go to my vidget. I have to change the URL ID here. There we go. So new newmail.com. I'm a completely new user on a completely new website. Hi there. First of all, AI not responding. Great. Second of all, if the operator who is on their free tier attempts to use the enhance, let's see what happens. So again, the operator wants to click enhance and we get an error. Bad request, missing subscription. And we can enhance this even further by showing a toast message. But I think uh you get the gist, right? You can now reuse this internal query and simply uh uh call this exact thing anywhere you need. Right? So for example uh in the files in here when we do add file action you can do the same thing after you uh confirm the organization ID. Same thing check if they have a subscription because this is a premium query. So, import internal from generated API and if the subscription isn't active or it doesn't exist, throw an error missing subscription. You can't upload a file, right? Or if they want to, well, you should always allow them to delete things. That's just, you know, being nice because otherwise they are kind of locked in and they have to pay. So, don't don't protect the delete file. That's always a helpful thing to have. But if they want to add new files, yeah, you should throw an error because that's a premium feature. Like you can only upload if you are on premium. Uh and you can of course go through whatever you want here. Uh secrets, should you allow them to upsert secrets? Should you allow them to add new plugins, right? You can protect all of those things. You will decide that for yourself, but you'd use the exact same method like this. Of course, I'm fairly satisfied with how it is right now. The only thing I want to do is just fix this. So, I'm going to go inside of my conversation ID view and somewhere in here I should have my enhance right here. So, on click handle enhance response. And in here, let's do toast from soner error. Something went wrong. There we go. So, just make sure you import toast from soner. So, if you try again, uh, okay, let's refresh maybe and try again. Something went wrong. There we go. So, now we have a toast message as well. Perfect. And let's see the knowledge base, right? Even I can't even try it, right? Because we protect it with the UI. But if somehow uh they bypass this right uh they their API endpoint will still block them because we just added in the files here that they need to have a subscription. One thing I would recommend you do is that you keep track of where you add the subscription check like I did in the files and in the messages here and just double check that it works for premium users, right? double check that there isn't a bug in this logical if clause or something like that. All right. So, in the plugins, uh, where would we add this? I'm not really sure. I wouldn't protect any of these. You should be able to remove your plug-in and you should be able to fetch them too, even if you're not um pro. And for secrets, same thing, but we are using absurd. So I'm not sure how smart it is to block the user from updating the secrets because this is pretty sensitive thing especially if they want to remove it or something. Uh VP these are only get methods. So again I don't know if you want to you can protect this but fetching the API fetching the lists of phone numbers and assistance will not occur any costs on your end. Uh so yeah and this is VPI is bring your own keys anyway so no costs on your side at all. Uh widget settings same things but then again we use the upsert. So I don't know how smart it is to protect that. Well you can do it very easily uh by doing it in the else right. So if it's inserting for the first time this is where you would add the subscription check if you want to protect the widget settings from being updated without a subscription. Amazing. Amazing job. So those are the API improvements I wanted us to do. You now know how to protect functions for proon only features and you also know how to refresh the contact session. Let's go ahead and merge this 32 API improvements. So I'm going to stage all of the changes. 32 API improvements. Let's commit. Let me go ahead and open a new branch. 32 API improvements and let's publish the branch. Now let's review the pull request. And here we have the summary. We added automatic extension of active contact sessions to prevent unexpected expiry during conversations. Clear inapp error notification when response enhancement fails. That's the last thing we added with Soner. We enforced active subscription requirement for file uploads, AI response enhancement and agent auto replies. We centralized the session duration configuration for consistent session handling across the back end. And in here we have a few sequence diagrams. This one is explaining our enhance response and how it works by checking if the subscription is active or throwing an error if it is inactive. This [snorts] one right here explains how we refresh the contact session ID every time we attempt to create a new conversation. So we call internal system contact sessions refresh. Same thing if we attempt to create a new message we uh call contact sessions.refresh and further we also check if subscriptions get by organization ID exists in the very same API endpoint or function. And if it does, we trigger AI. Otherwise, we just save the message. Exactly what we did. And we did a pretty good job here. No comments. Let's go ahead and merge this pull request. And once we've merged it, let's go ahead and head back to main. And let's click synchronize changes. And let's click okay. And once we've done that, as always, I like to confirm with my graph. 32 API improvements. Amazing. That marks the end of this chapter. Amazing job and see you in the next one. In this chapter, we're going to go ahead and implement the UI for our widget integration. This will be a screen where our operator dashboard will find their organization ID as well as code snippets if they want to add the vidget chat box to their uh respective technology. HTML, React, Nex.js or JavaScript. Uh, for now, we're only going to be building the UI side of this. So, basically, this screen and the model that opens when we click on each of these technologies. And then in the next chapter, I'm going to show you how we can actually develop the embed script. So, let's go ahead and create the integrations view component. I'm going to go ahead inside of my apps web app dashboard and we should have integrations in here and the page.tsx. Let's keep that open and let's go inside of our modules and let's create a new folder integrations and let's go ahead and create UI and views. Inside of here, let's create integrations view.tsx. tsx. Let's mark this as use client and let's export const integrations view. Let's go ahead and return a div integrations view. Now let's go back inside of that page and let's simply render the integrations view component. And now on your local host 3000 when you click on integrations you should see the integrations view right here. Perfect. Now that we have that we can focus on developing only within that module. So integrations view integrations view. Now we can actually copy this from the plugins view here. Let's go ahead and copy this div and this. So basically the title and the subtitle and let's add it here. And I think we need to close one div. There we go. Just like this. And now let's just modify slightly. So instead of vap plugin, this will say setup and integrations. And the description here can be something like choose the integration that's right for you. like that. There we go. Setup and integrations. Choose the integration that's right for you. There we go. And now in here, let's go ahead and let's render the current organization's ID. So the way we're going to do that is by going down here, opening a new div, and rendering a class name margin top 8 space y 6. And in here, let's go ahead and open a new div with a class name flex items center and gap 4. Let's add a label component. So, make sure you've imported a label. Let's give this label a class name with 34 HTML 4 website dash ID and pass in organization ID text here and change the HTML 4 to actually be organization ID. Let's be consistent. Below that, let's add a self-closing input component. And make sure you've added an import for it. Uh let's go ahead and give this a class name of flex one bg background font mono and text small. Let me just go ahead and collapse these attributes so that they are easier to read. So besides the class name, I'm going to make this disabled. ID will be organization ID. It will be read only and the value can be 1 2 3. There we go. We now have organization ID 1 2 3. Now let's populate it with the actual organization ID. So make sure you have use client at the top of this page and you can extract organization from use organization from clerk nextjs. And once you have that, you can go inside of here and change the value to be organization do ID or an empty string and use a question mark here. And let's just fix the typo. Let me see what I did wrong. Organization. And now you should see your organization ID right here. Now let's add an ability to copy it in an easy way. So I'm going to add a button import. Make sure you have added the button import. Let's go ahead and give this a class name gap 2 on click for now. Just an empty arrow function and a size of small. Let's render copy icon here. Let's give it a class name size four. And let's also give it a text copy. And now you should see the button to copy. Perfect. Let's go ahead and quickly develop the copy button here. Const handle copy is going to be an asynchronous method. In the trial, let's await navigator clipboard write text organization question mark ID or an empty string toast.uess copied to clipboard and import toast from soner otherwise toast. Fail to copy to clipboard in case browser API fails. Now that we have this handle copy, we can just add it to the button on click. Let's refresh and let's try it out. There we go. Copied to clipboard. Uh, and not sure where I can test this. Uh, let me try and find a way to test it. There we go. When I paste, you can see exactly where it is. Perfect. Uh, so let's go back inside of the integrations here. And now let's go ahead and let's develop uh the integrations part, right? So outside of this div right here, let's add a separator component from workspace UI separator. So make sure you've added the import. Let's give this a class name my 8. Let's add a div with a class name here spacey 6. inside a new div with a class name space Y1. Give this a label of integrations and give it a class name of text large. Below that a paragraph add the following code to your website to enable the chat box. And let's give this a class name text muted foreground and text small. And then in here, let's go ahead and let's create a grid. Grid columns 2, gap four on medium devices, grid columns four. So nothing should really show at the moment. That's because we need to create an array of our integrations. So inside of the integrations module, let's create constants.dts file like this. So inside of the integrations folder, let's export con integrations. And well, you would add every integration you want to instruct your users on how to add the chat box to for example HTML. And let's give it an icon of forward slash languages/html5.svg. We don't have this yet, but we will have in a moment. So now you can copy this a few times. And in here you would add, you know, anything you want to support, right? So I'm adding react. I'm adding nextjs. Even though these things don't actually make sense because all of this is just JavaScript, right? I'm just doing it to populate some space here. Uh it would make more sense if you did like um JavaScript and then you did Shopify and then you did WordPress for example, right? So those actually different things because if you can do it in JavaScript, you can do it in Nex.js, you can do it in React, you can automatically do it in HTML. So, I'm just going to write the same script for all of these, but I'm just trying to uh show you how this would look like. So, what you have to do now is you have to use the link on the screen to get to my public assets folder. And in here, uh go ahead and find the languages folder where I prepared HTML 5, JavaScript, Nex.js, uh React, and similar. And once you have the languages downloaded, you should go ahead inside of your app web public and create the languages folder in here and simply put HTML 5, JavaScript, Nex.js and React inside. So inside of your public folder, create a new folder called languages. And then in your constants in the integrations, it should match exactly the structure in your public folder. So once we have that done, we can go back inside of the integrations view and we can go over the integrations which I just imported quickly from the constants. So, integrations dom get individual integration and in here I'm going to return a native HTML button element and I'm going to import an image from next image. So, make sure you've added image here. Let's give this an alt property of integration.title. Let's give it the height of 32. source integration do icon and width of 32. And now in here you should start seeing HTML 5. You should see React, Nex.js, and JavaScript. And let's go ahead and give this button some class names. So that's going to be flex items center gap four rounded large border BG background padding four and hover bg accent. There we go. Already looking better. Let's go ahead and give this a key of integration ID on click for now an empty arrow function. And let's give it a type of button. After the image, let's go ahead and create a paragraph here. Integration.title. There we go. HTML, React, Nex.js, and JavaScript. Perfect. So now what we have to do is that when we click on one of these, a dialogue opens and it shows us the code snippet or instructions which you would do to add this to your project. So let's go ahead down here and let's quickly develop the integrations dialogue. In order to implement this, we're going to have to import some things from the dialogue. So let's go ahead and prepare that dialogue, content, description, header, and title all from workspace UI components dialogue like so. And let's go ahead and add some props here. So in here we're going to write the types. The types are going to be open on open change and snippet. So on open change is a function which accepts the new value which is a boolean and returns a void. And then let's extract all of those and snip it. Now inside of here, let's go ahead and let's return a dialogue. Let's give it on open change. Let's give it open of open. Let's create dialogue content dialogue header dialogue title integrate with your website. And below that dialogue description, follow these steps to add the chat box to your website. Outside of the dialogue header, create a div with a class name space Y 6. Another div with a class name space Y2. and then a div with a class name rounded medium background accent padding of two and text small. And let's simply write the first step. Copy the following code. And now let's write our code snippet here using a div with a class name group and a relative. Then let's add a pre-tag. Let's go ahead and give this a class name. Maximum width, my apologies, maximum height of 300 pixels. Overflow X auto like so. Overflow Y auto whites space prevap break all rounded medium BG foreground padding to font mono text secondary and text small and inside of here you would render the snippet then add a native button um a shotsen button element here and give it a class name absolute top four right six size six opacity zero transition opacity group dash hover opacity 100. So that's why we put group in the parent div here. So when we hover over the code snippet, a button will appear and this button will have an on click for now an empty function with the size of icon and a variant of secondary. It's going to be a copy button for the snippet. So I'll just add copy icon in here with a class name size three to make it a little bit smaller. Uh and then in here, let's go ahead and create uh we can just copy this right here. space y 2 like that. And let's go ahead and give this a second step which will be add the code in your page and below this add a paragraph. Paste the chatbox code above in your page. You can add it in the HTML head section. And let's give this paragraph a class name text muted foreground and text small. Great. Now let's go ahead and let's just quickly copy our handle copy method from here. Let's go ahead and add it inside of the integrations dialogue here. But instead of organization ID, it will copy the snippet. And then you can use the handle copy in this button just like that. Perfect. Now we have our integration dialogue. Uh and now what we can do is we can render it. So let's go ahead and wrap our entire integrations view here within a fragment like this. Let's go ahead and render the integrations dialogue. Let's set on open to be set dialogue open which doesn't exist yet. On open change uh this will actually be set dialogue open. The one above will be dialogue open. None of these exist yet. And snippet will be selected snippet. Now let's go ahead and actually create all of those states. So just above the organization use organization hook let's add dialogue open and set dialogue open using use state and selected snippet and set selected snippet using use state like that. Now let's go ahead and let's develop con handle integration click integration ID will be a type of integration ID. Now let's go ahead and let's create the type integration ID. So we can actually do that quite easily by just revisiting our integration constants here. And then we're just do export type integration ID type of integrations number and then the ID field and let's import integration ID now just like that. So this way we will only be able to call this function with a supported ID next.js React HTML. So what I want to do now is go back inside of my constants and just simply prepare export con HTML script. And for now let's just add a simple uh script snippet like this. And let's copy this. Let's change this to React script. Let's change this to next.js script. Let's change this to JavaScript script. We are later going to modify the actual uh script that happens, right? Uh so now uh what I want to do yeah let's also do one more thing here. So the way this script integration will actually look like if we are if we want to be a bit more realistic it will have an attribute called data organization- id. The problem is since this is hardcoded in a string we have to invent our own type of templating language. So let's add organization ID here. So yes each script snippet will have this attribute. So go ahead and add it everywhere here. So this is kind of a problem now, right? Because we need to somehow populate this hard-coded string with our organization ID that it's rendered right here and then display that to the user. Well, we can do that quite easily inside of the integrations. Uh let's go ahead and create a new file called utils.ts. Let's go ahead and import HTML script type integration ID JavaScript script next.js JS script, React script, all from constants. And let's export const create script to be a function which accepts the uh integration ID which is a type of integration ID and organization ID which is a type of string. And once we have those two, we can check if integration ID is equal to HTML. In that case, let's return HTML_cript.replace. And let's go ahead and add a forward slash open uh double square brackets like this curly brackets organization id forward slash g as in global and replace it with organization ID. So what will happen is that this exact part will be replaced with 1 to three for example and that's how we are going to dynamically generate each organization ID script. Great. So now let's copy and paste this. If the integration ID is react let's change this to react script. Then let's go ahead and copy this for nextjs nextjs script. And let's copy it for JavaScript. This will be JavaScript script. And all of them are the same. Otherwise, just return an empty string. And since we are using the safe uh let's see integration ID is a type of string. Oh, so this is not really working as I thought it will work. I I thought that this was an enum. Looks like it's not an enum. Okay. In that case, just be super careful. JavaScript, Nex.js, JS React HTML and I'll try to find a way to make this an NUM but just make sure that you're checking for the correct things here. Uh now let's go back inside of our handle integration script here. First things first, if there is no organization, let's go ahead and simply return. And we can even show a little error to the user. Organization ID not found. I have no idea how this can happen except if it didn't load yet. But yeah, let's at least tell the user why we cannot generate the snippet because we need something to replace the organization ID template from. Now let's use the new create script from our utils and let's pass in the integration ID which is right here. And then let's pass organization do ID set selected snippet snippet sets set dialogue open to true. Let's copy handle integration click and let's add it to the on click button in here and pass in the integration ID. Yes, that's the only thing it accepts. And there we go. You can see that now when I click on any of these, it will open a script and the data organization ID here will be replaced with the actual organization ID that I have right here. So I can either copy it manually from here which is now finally useful because in your widget you no longer have to visit the clerk dashboard. You can just add organization ID paste it here and it will load into a working organization. Excellent amazing amazing job. So that's the UI finished for this task. Uh in the next chapter we are going to work on actually developing this script right here that the users will be able to add to their uh plain new HTML landing page or react page or next.js page and it will load this widget inside. So let's go ahead and see if we did what we intended to do. Correct. And correct. One thing I dislike from here is that we don't have enum type safety. So you can make easy typos here. As you can see, this doesn't throw an error. I somehow thought that this would create an enum, but it didn't. I'm not sure how do I do that at the top of my mind right now. I'll have to do it in the next chapter and research. So, this type actually is either a type of JavaScript or nextJS or React or HTML, right? So, because this doesn't really make sense now. Yes, I know it's a string, right? U so yeah, just make sure you didn't misspell the organization ID here. Make sure that you are consistent with your ID types here. Same here in the utils. Don't uh misspell them. Same thing with the organization ID with the double curly brackets and everything should work uh fine if you did. Great. So, no logic developed here really. We just developed the nice UI so we don't have to worry about that anymore and we can uh head into the final chapters of this very long tutorial. Let's go ahead and merge this now. So, I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to stage all of my changes. This is chapter 33 integrations UI. 33 integrations UI. Let's go ahead and commit. As always, I'm going to open a new branch, 33 integrations UI. I'm going to publish this branch. And now, let's go ahead and review the pull request. And since this was a fairly simple PR, we can just read the summary and merge it. So we introduced an integrations page with a grid for HTML, React, Nex.js, and the JavaScript integrations. View and copy your organization D with one click and generate framework specific install snippets to-do and copy them from a model dialogue exactly what we did. So yeah, there are some things I want to improve here. But we are mostly focused on just having the UI ready so that we can focus on developing the script. So good enough for me. Let's go ahead and merge this pull request now. And once we've merged it, let's go ahead inside of main and let's click synchronize changes. So our main local branch is up to date with our remote one. As always, I like to double check with the graph to confirm I have merged section 33. I believe that marks the end of this chapter. Amazing, amazing job. And see you in the next one. In this chapter, we're going to be building our embed script which will allow our users to put our chat box within any application they own. In order to do that, we're going to create a third application within our monor repo called embed. And this will not be a nextjs app. Instead, it will be a uh vite, however you pronounce it, app. We're then going to create the actual embed.ts TS script which will load our localhost 3001 widget app within an I frame and it will give it some buttons such as uh close button, open button and things like that as well as some autoresize options. We're then going to build the build package JSON script and we're going to use that to create a minimized embed script which we can then test and see if it works in a random empty HTML page. So let's start by creating a new embed uh V app. So I'm going to go inside of my apps here and I'm going to create a new folder called embed. Within that folder I'm going to create a package.json. Let's go ahead inside of here. Let's give this a name of embed like so. Let's go ahead and give it a version. Let's give it a type. Let's give it a private property. And then let's create scripts. Now the scripts will be the following. The most important one for now is going to be uh vit build. This will be used to create the minimized script that will be inside of a dist folder. And then we're going to copy that and we are going to store it somewhere where we can later load it uh in an empty HTML page. So this is the only one that we're actually going to need for now. So we can only leave that. And now let's add some dev dependencies here. So types node version. What I like to do is I like to search for the versions that I'm using within my app here. So it's 20. So I'm going to put 20. In fact, I'm just going to copy from here so I have the same version. Then I will have at workspace slint config. And I'm just going to use workspace. And I'm going to use the little carrot here like so. Then I'm going to add TypeScript config in here. I'm just going to put an asterisk for my SLint version. Let me search again what's being used here. So 920.1. So I'm going to add this TypeScript. I think I have multiple versions of Typescript. Yes, somewhere I use latest and somewhere I use 5.7.3. I like being specific. So I'm just going to copy this and add it here. And finally the vit or vite version which will be again with this little carrot here 5.0.8. Of course if you're watching this far into the future and you want to be up to date you should probably look up the newest versions. But yes, if you're just following the tutorial feel free to use the exact versions that I am using. Uh and once you have that, you can go ahead and just run pnpm install uh in the root of your app here. And I think that that should update the package lock file with all these new packages. There we go. So immediately pnpm lock apps embed. Perfect. Now that we have that and we have the node modules in here, let's go ahead and let's create the uh well step by step. Let's start with the slint config, right? So slint.config. config.js is going to import base config from at workspace slintconfig/base.js. And let's export default and simply spread base config here. Just like that. Uh then what I want to do next is create the ts config. So we have the typescript rule tsconfig.json. This config.json will be an object which is going to extend our workspaces TypeScript config base.json. Then let's add the compiler options and the compiler options will have the following lib. We're then going to have module and the rest of the properties. So target module resolution no emit skip lib check true. Then let's add include. So what we're going to include for now will be embed.s which is the script we will create. White doconfig.ds or vit. Uh then we're going to have vit- environment.d.ds. And let's actually target every TS file inside of here. And then every folder which has a TS file inside like this. And I think uh let me just restart TypeScript server. So this is still uh happening here. I'm not too sure why, but I'm just going to leave it like this for now. Uh now let's go ahead and let's create the vit config. So instead of embed let's create vit.config.ds. Let's import define config from vit. Let's import resolve from path and let's export default define config. Inside of here let's add build. Why build? Because in package JSON, that's the only script we've added. So, we have to define it in the vid config. Let's open lib object entry resolve dear name embed.ts. So, this will be our entry. This is the file which we are going to write and the output will be something else. So, name of this script will be echo widget. The file name can just be widget formats. Now in here, I don't know too much about this. Uh this is one I found that works. If you know more about this formats, feel free to use the more optimized one. For the rollup options, let's set output extend true. And for the server, well, we don't need anything more actually at this point. So this is enough. Uh now let's go ahead and let's create the vit environment file. So vit- environment d.ts. Let's go ahead and add this at the top. I think this is required if you want uh vit environment files to work. So this is three forward slashes here. So be mindful. And then let's go ahead and create the interface import meta envonly vidget URL. It's a type of string. And let's add interface import meta import meta environment type. So that's our ven.d.ds. Now that we have this, let's go ahead and let's start creating the embed script. I think we can already kind of try this. Um, if I go inside of apps embed and if I create embed.ts here and if I just do console log hello world like that or maybe if I do const Antonio hello const something world and if I then attempt to join the two. So, console log Antonio plus something. I'm trying to purposely make this script a little bit longer because the build script is supposed to minimize it. I'm not sure if this is enough to trigger that minimization. So, the way we build is this. So, maybe this format or maybe this rollup options is what is uh deciding how minim minified this will be. Uh since we have package JSON build, we can build it in two ways. We can just run turbo build in the root of our app. But since we don't want to wait for all other apps, we can just go ahead inside of our apps embed. And let's do turbo build here. There we go. Embed build. And now inside of our disc folder, you should have a minified version. So you should also now have this new turbo here, which is cache. And inside of here, there we go. You can see a minified version of our script here. So inside of embed.ds, we will be able to develop uh a readable script, right? And inside of here, we will have a minified script which is you know shorter. It is not readable, but it is something you will host inside of some CDN or somewhere or maybe just in your public folder, which is what we are going to do. And then you're going to reference this file. So you don't have to reference this not obvisiscated longer file, right? This one needs to be longer because it needs to be readable. So you understand what you're developing, right? Uh perfect. Uh so that's what we just wanted to do right now. That's an amazing first step. So our V build is officially working. Uh now it's time to actually develop this script. Uh what I want to start with is with the config file. So config.ts. Let's export const embed config. And now inside of here, let's create the widget URL, which will be import meta.environment vit URL. And I'm pretty sure that this type safety comes from this very cool vit environment. D.S. That's how it recognized it. And let's also give it a fallback. So if it cannot find this, let's go ahead and simply use 3001. Uh why 3001? Well, because if you go ahead in the root of your application here and if you do turbo dev, let's go ahead and focus on the vidget dev, you will see that the vidget is running on 3001. So make sure that you use whatever your widget is running on because that's what we are building the script for. So that is the page that will load within an i iframe. And if you're wondering why don't we have embed here very simply because we never added the development script. So instead of the apps embed package JSON we only have build script. So Turbo repo knows that it cannot run the development script here. That's why it's not being run here. So great. Now that we have this resolved let's go ahead and let's add default position which I'm going to add bottom dash right as constant. So that's going to be the default position. Now that we have this, let's go ahead and let's add the icons. So instead of embed, let's add icons.ts. Since both of these icons, which we are going to use, two of them, the chatbubble icon and the close icon are going to be SVG files. The best way to do this is to simply copy it from my assets folder. You can see the link on the screen. So head inside of the embed folder here and head inside of the icons and in here simply copy that file and paste it here and you should have the chat bubble icon and you should have the close icon. Now it's time to build the actual embed script. So let's prepare that instead of apps embed. Let's go ahead and go inside of embed.ds. So we've already started doing something here. Now here's the thing. Uh, I know that some of you, I think most of you love to see me write everything from scratch and I love doing that too. In fact, we've been doing that together for the past 20 hours, I think. But in this particular script, you're going to see it's not really worth it to write it from scratch. Uh, I built this entire script iteratively. I'm [laughter] sorry, I just butchered the word. basically uh through a lot of trial and error through a lot of refactoring and fine-tuning the implementation details and if I walk you through the each line it would take a significant chunk of time which we could better spend on actually developing the embed app right uh so let's be efficient with our time here I have added the entire embedds script inside of the public GitHub repo and I think that the moment you open it you're going to understand what I'm talking about here. You can see there isn't much of a learning value here, right? But I will explain in chunks exactly what's happening here. So let's go ahead and just copy this script here, embedded.ts, and let's paste it inside. And now I'm going to go ahead and explain exactly what's going on here. So first things first, we are importing the config from our doconfig and we are importing the icons from our dot icons. So in the first chunk here uh what is this? Why are we defining the function like that? You can see that in here we define a function within its own parenthesis and then down here we execute that function. Why are we doing that? Well, the answer lies inside of our vit.config.ts in our format right here. So this is I or immediately invoked function expression. So that's what this is. This is an immediately invoked function expression right here. Uh and what that means is that it creates a private scope. So we don't pollute the global name space which means we can initialize our main variables the I frame the container the button and the state tracking without overriding any global variables. So yes that's what we do here. As you can see, we set the variable for I frame, for container, for the button and sum is open state tracking. The clever part here is how we grab the configuration. So, uh in here we have to obtain the data organization ID. But how do we know for which organization is this script going to be used for? Well, remember inside of our uh web, I think that's the name of our app. is we have a module called integrations and in here we have constants and in here we have already talked about the way that we are going to pass this organization ID to our scripts. So this is how we're going to do that. We're going to load this embed.ts within a file like this and we're going to pass the data organization ID with 1 2 3 4 inside. Right? And then in here once we obtain the current script we're going to get that attribute from the script from this element right here. So we are obtaining ourselves and we are getting the data organization ID. One thing that we are also obtaining is the data position. That is if the user for whatever reason wants to move from bottom right to maybe bottom left. But if we don't have this, we simply fall back to the default position uh which is inside of this config bottom right which is the most popular one. Right? Uh in case this fails, we also attempt to find this using a different selector. Right? So just some additional uh logic here. Great. So what do we do next? What is this in it? What is this render? So that is DOM initialization and rendering. Basically we have to check if the DOM the document uh is ready before rendering. This is crucial for avoiding any errors and then the render function itself creates three main elements. A floating action button with smooth hover effects. Right? So that's what's happening right here. Echo vidget button. We create the button. We give it an inner HTML of this chat uh bubble icon which is just an SVG of a small bubble icon. And then we give it some positioning in the bottom right corner or the bottom left corner, right? And we give it some colors which match our app as well as some other styling. We then give it some listeners here which will then transform or it will trigger some functions such as toggle vidget. And one thing that we're doing here as you can see is writing CSS in line so that no external CSS is needed here. And we also need the container built the same way that the button is built. So what does the container do? The container is what's holding our I frame. And within our I frame is where we are going to load our widget. What's important for the I frame here is that we allow the microphone clipboard read and clipboard right because we have a vap so we can listen to a microphone and clipboard read and clipboard right so we can copy the phone number if you remember because we have that uh function too. Great. So in here we do have some additional scripts such as build a vidget URL and things like that. So let's go ahead down here uh to that script actually and let's see what's going on here. So in here we are finally using that organization ID that we extracted from above. We extracted it from this right from data organization ID. And now that we have that organization ID, we build the I frame URL and the I frame URL is localhost 3001 and then a param organization ID. So the config here is set to localhost 3001. So in here what we are doing basically is we are returning localhost 3001 and we append a prop called organization ID and we set it to a variable 1 2 3 and that is exactly what we've been doing this entire tutorial whenever we want to test the widget. So we are now just doing that via a script. Great. And then uh we have some hide and show uh animations here. As you can see some additional functions to toggle the widget, to hide the widget, maybe some additional animations. And one thing at the bottom that we do here is a public API so that uh you can uh destroy or manipulate or reinitialize this entire widget from the inspect element or from if any developer wants to access it in their own little way. So we are kind of making this an even better script than it is. Great. So again this entire script is available here. I hope they explain it in a nice way. As you can see, it's it's quite a lengthy script and I don't think we would learn much if I went line by line here because this isn't our usual uh code which we do which is JSX, right? This is just pure JavaScript. It's not particularly pretty code. I know. And I felt it's better explained like this in chunks rather than you watching me do it every single line here. Uh great. Let's go ahead and try and build it now. So I'm going to go ahead back inside of my apps embed and let's do turbo build and let's see. There we go. And now inside of your disc, you will see a much longer version of this. There we go. But still a minified version which you can now use and test out in some other app. But uh here's one thing I'm sure you don't actually know. So right now my disc here, as you can see, uses the widget URL to localhost 3001. Sure, because that's currently where our widget app is running. But what if you deploy the widget app and it has its own domain, right? Antonio-Vidget.com. Well, we actually have a solution for that as well. I just completely forgot uh to tell you about it. So the way you can do that is by running vit widget URL https Antonio- widget or maybe for example code with Antonio.com and pnpm build. And now when you build it you can see that the widget URL. So again go inside of this vidget.js js you can see that the widget URL is codewithintonio.com. So right in here is where organization id 1 to3 will be appended. So that's how you can change the URL of where your vidget uh application is hosted. So for us PNP and build is enough because I have hardcoded it to 3001 because I know that in the root of our app when I do turbo dev the vidget app is running on 301. So I know that that's what I have to load within my iframe. Now in order to test this let's go ahead and let's add one more HTML file here. So again it makes no sense to uh build this from scratch. Uh this is just a literal uh testing suite of the embed.ts script. So this already works. You can kind of already finish the tutorial here. I'm just giving you uh a cooler way to test this embed script. So let's go ahead and instead of the embed, let's create a demo.html. HTML like so. Let's go ahead inside of our embed folder demo.html. So this is just a normal HTML file and it's a testing suite for the embed.dts file. Now what you have to modify here of course is the organization ID. So why am I hard coding an organization ID here? Because this is not for customers. This is for you internally. So it's easier for you to test out this embed script which we just went over. That's why. So yes, let's go ahead and fix this now. So I'm going to go ahead and well, let's go ahead and do this first. How about this? We first go inside of package.json here in the embed. And now let's add a dev script. So dev and let's add vit port 3002. Why 3002? Well, simply because in other package JSON like in web, we have already reserved port 3000. In the vidget app, we have reserved 3001. So, the only one we have left is 30,000. I mean, we have more left, but uh incrementally it's 30,2. But that's not enough. Uh what we have to do now is also go inside of vit.config.ts TS and inside of here, let's go ahead and add server port 3002 and open forward slashdemo.html just like this. And now in the root of your app, you should be able to run turbo dev and you should finally see the uh embed app using vit. Now in here uh as you can see we have this button and you can see unable to verify organization. Exactly. We have a problem. That's because we are not passing the proper organization ID here. So let's go ahead and fix that. So head inside of your one of your apps here. I mean one of your organizations. Uh if you wanted to choose a premium one, choose a premium one. Maybe that will be easier for you. So you can test multiple features. Let's see. Is this a premium one? Uh it's not a premium one. Which one of these is a premium one? The free one. Yes, the free one is the premium one. Okay. So, I'm going to go inside of integrations and I will copy my organizations organization ID. We can do that from here now. And I want you to go inside of your embed and go inside of uh the config first. And let's quickly just extend the config here by also adding a default organization ID. and just add your default organization ID here. And then go inside of demo.html and change this in here too. So all instances of some hardcoded organization ID, just change it, right? Uh even though I think this one is just presentational, it doesn't matter. I'm fairly sure. Okay. No, inside of here data organization ID also change this. I think I left this because I couldn't find a nice way to modify HTML directly. The scripts are easy to modify, but for for these ones, you have to change them manually. So, find the data organization ID. Change it here. And just one place above, too. And then go back inside of your Echo Vidget demo. Let's refresh now. Oh, this one is much faster. Okay. And there we go. Look at this. Our app is working. I can start chat from here. Hey there, how are you? Perfect. Look at this. We have a working application on some random VIT app. We've been able to integrate uh our chat box. And in here, let's go ahead and set up the conversations. There we go. We can chat with our customer in real time. All thanks to Convex. Hey there. Look how amazing it is. I'm so impressed by this because this is like a completely different uh framework using VIT uh running our app here. And what this test suit is for is that you can kind of test this, you know, let's initialize the widget again. If you want to test this on this side or if you want to destroy it, if you want to show it, initialize it, right? It's just for that. It's just for testing. So you have it so it's easier for you to test uh the widget. But we're not exactly finished yet because there is just one more thing that we have to try to confirm that this works as intended. Uh and that would be running turbo uh not turbo build I mean yes but just inside of apps embed go ahead and run turbo build. So you have the latest and the newest vidget if.js and then go ahead uh in the root of your app and run turbo dev. Okay. And now here's what you would have to do. So, uh, inside of your apps embed, inside of this, you now have this minified script which you're supposed to host somewhere. So, where should you host it? Absolutely anywhere. It doesn't matter where you host it because this script, it doesn't matter if this script is private or not. You can host it on, I don't know, Cloudflare. You can host it on Bunny CDN. You can host it on on GitHub. I don't know where, wherever you want. But since we don't have that set up yet, let's just pretend that inside of Vidget, our public folder is the host. So, let's go ahead and do that. Let's go ahead and add vidget and let's rename this to JS. You can do that. So, just inside of public vidget.js. And then what I want you to do is go inside of uh embed and go ahead and create a landing. HTML as in this is some random landing page HTML. Let's go ahead and just set up this randomly. Uh and in here what we would do now, oh yes, I completely forgot. Um we now have to kind of modify uh the following. So we should now go inside of apps web modules integrations constants and we have to modify this script now right so this part is okay but the actual source of the script should be different so what source am I talking about well in here it should be source http localhost localhost 301 forward slashvidget.js JS right so that's why I told you this can be anything right wherever you want to hold that minified file if this is some CDNcloudflare.com sure it will be like this it doesn't matter but just for now since this is the only place this is the only idea I have right just putting it inside of vidget public folder because the public folder technically serves like a CDN I guess I'm just using it imagine you got this random script from the internet. That's what I'm trying to explain to you. You can have this anywhere. Anywhere, right? You don't have to have an Nex.js app running to to host this app, right? But you will have to know where you have it and you will have to know uh uh right where you store it like this and then go ahead and add it to all these examples and then you can do the full integration process for real now right click inside of integration here and you will see a proper script. Let me just go ahead uh and do that. So integrations and let's go ahead. I'm adding it to my HTML. Here it is. Right, this is the exact one I have. Let's go ahead and copy this. And then I would go, let's imagine I'm some random developer who is trying to integrate Echo inside of my project. Here I have my little uh landing page. HTML and I would just go ahead and add this script here. So I'm heading to localhost 3001 visit.js js and I already have my data organization ID prepended for me. So now I'm just going to go ahead and open this landing.html file. And there we go. So if you're wondering how did I open it, I I literally just uh went in my file explorer, rightclick, open, and it will automatically open with Chrome or whatever browser you're using. And there we go. Test testmail.com. Let's go ahead and continue. Start chat. Hey there, it works. So, someone just successfully added our website, our little script to their landing page. That's what this was all about, right? That's how this is going to work. So, what's important here? Uh the most important part for you to remember will come now in the next chapter, which is deployment. And that is you will have to know when you build this embed minified script where your widget URL will be. So what is the vidget URL? The widget URL is not embed script URL. So don't confuse just because I'm using localhost 3001 here and I'm also using it uh inside of my config inside of my constants in the integrations. Right? This is just a coincidence. This can be anything, right? It doesn't matter where you host vidget.js, but it does matter where the vidget.js script thinks that your uh vidget app is being hosted. Right? So when we deploy to versel now, we will have two different apps. The web app running on one domain and the vidget app running on another domain. The vidget app will never be directly visited through a URL. It should only be visited through an I frame. Uh so if you manage to get this working, amazing. The project is like 99.9% finished. All that's left is to deploy. Seriously, amazing amazing job. Super long tutorial and I'm extremely proud of what you did. Also, if this is a problem for you, you can turn this off. This is just for development. So these are dev tools, so don't worry. uh your users won't actually see this little thing here. I think this is so cool, right? And everything just works. Amazing, amazing job. So, let's go ahead and merge this and in the next chapter, let's deploy it. So, I'm just going to go ahead stage all of these changes. 34 embed script. Let's commit. I'm going to open a new branch. 34 embed script and I'm going to click publish [snorts] branch. Now let's review the pull request. And here we have the summary by code rabbit. We introduced an embeddible widget with a floating button and I frame panel. We also support configurable position bottom right or bottom left animated show and hide as well as some post message driven resize and close. We auto initialize via script tag and we expose a global API for init, show, hide and destroy. We added a demo page with controls and example usage. And we also added a simple landing page where we pretended to be a user embedding our chat widget. Amazing amazing job. That is exactly what we did. Since this was a fairly simple, you know, uh pull request and we copied the uh snippet from GitHub. It doesn't make sense to really um make do any review changes here because we we we went really in depth with chapter by chapter review. So I'm going to go ahead and merge this and then we can go ahead inside of our main branch and we can synchronize the changes to make sure everything is up to date. So in the next chapter uh what we are going to do make sure that 34 is the last one you've merged is we're finally going to deploy this and learn how to do this once again with deployed scripts. So I believe this marks the end of this chapter. We created a vit app script build script and we tested the minimized embed script as well as pushed to GitHub. Amazing job and see you in the next one. In this chapter, we're going to finish this project by deploying. We're going to individually deploy our web app, our widget app, and then we're going to test the embed script again from this new live application. So before you do anything, what I recommend you do is double check that you are on your main branch. Double check that you have the recent changes merged in. And then head in the root of your app and simply run turbo build. It will probably take some time. Mine is now very fast because it's cached. Uh but you should see four successful builds. If not, you will probably see what the errors are. there will most likely be some lint or type errors. So you can easily fix those. Simply go inside of the files which the error tells you. If you're struggling and you cannot fix them, but you just want to deploy, you can go ahead and search for this exact line in Google and uh add inside of your search turn off or like uh pass, right? just if you want to turn it off because you can turn it off but I would highly recommend that you actually try your best and fix these errors. So now head to versel.com you can use the link on the screen and click add new project and in here as you can see you have your project and it it's it is recognized as turbo right so it knows that there are three projects inside you can see how versel is smart when it comes to this so now uh we have to choose which apps we're going to uh add I believe so let me go ahead and see what we're doing so the First thing I want to do is echo web. So let me go ahead and try and change this to not use uh embed instead use web. So go ahead and select web and continue. And that will automatically as you can see change this to next.js apps web project name next 15 echo web. Now let's go ahead and set the environment variables here. So instead of apps web, let's go instead of environment.local and let's copy all of these and let's paste them inside of our app. Just like that. Now for the build and output settings, I'm pretty sure this is all good. I don't think we have to modify anything here. So yeah, make sure that you have selected again you can click edit here and then inside of your next inside of your GitHub repository name apps select web. That's the first one we're doing. Call this your project name. For me, it's next 15 echo. For you, it can be echo, right? It doesn't matter. And give it a suffix of web. So you know what this is. Paste the environment files inside from your environment. From the web app and click deploy. Now I'm going to pause the screen and we're going to see if this works or not. And here we go. So, looks like this went well. If I click here now, uh I should be seeing the login screen uh for my app. Let's see. There we go. Sign into Echo. Let's go ahead and log in and let's see if we can see the operator dashboard. Right. So, this should be the web uh application that we just deployed. Uh let's see. It's loading. And here we go. Oh, yes. I forgot to fix this. Don't worry. This won't be any special screen. This will be a redirect. And there we go. I can see my conversations. Let's see if this works. Test. It works. Everything works just fine. I can resolve it. I can do everything. Knowledge base works. Widget customization. All of it is working uh just fine. As well as the payments. Everything's working perfect. So now let's go ahead and let's deploy the widgets. You can see how easy it is. I can just down here I can do that. So I'm not sure how you would usually do it but yes if you are still on this screen down here find apps vidget and click deploy like this. So let's see uh what will happen now. I think it needs to load or maybe there we go. So it selects a new project basically. Uh usually how you would do it I think is just by clicking deploy again. I think it's as easy as that. You can just click new project again and then select again this and this time change it again not embed go inside of apps and select widget next 15 echo widget or in your case whatever this part is simply add- widget here nextjs preset and let's open environment variables here. So this time inside of vidget just one. Perfect. Let's add it here and the build. I think everything is fine. Let's go ahead and let's hit deploy. So again I'm going to pause the screen and let's see if this is successful or not. And here we go. Uh another app successfully deployed. And there we go. Of course, there's an error here because you should never really visit this through an URL, right? But what is the problem now? Our app is deployed, but does this integration now really work? Well, no, because this is still pointing to localhost 30 and one that's a problem. It shouldn't be like that. So, what should be this URL? Let's go ahead and fix that. Now, now that this is deployed, uh you now have your dashboard. So, click continue to dashboard and make sure you're looking at the echo widget one. And don't look at the deployment URL. Just look at the domains. That's the one you're interested in. This is our domain. So, now head back inside of your app here and go inside of your apps web and inside of your modules integrations. constants and simply finally modify this local host thing with this. There we go. Like that. But then again, uh I don't want you to miss the point. This is again not really important. The only reason we have to change this is because that's the place where we are hosting our vidget.js script. If you would actually host this somewhere on some CDN, then it wouldn't matter. You wouldn't even have to change this because it would always come from a CDN, right? Some cdnjs.com and then something, right? But in our case, we are hosting it here. So naturally, we need it here, right? So two things we have to change. First, go ahead and save this simply because this is now the new public URL of our place where we host Vidget.js. That's the first thing we have to change. All right. The second thing we have to change is inside of apps web inside of app we have dashboard and we have this page. DSX which is doing absolutely nothing. So what we can do now you don't even have to delete this page. You can if you want to, but you can go inside of the next config. mjs within apps web and inside of the next config here go ahead and add asynchronous redirects and return source forward slash destination slash conversations permanent false like this. So now whenever users visit the root page they will get redirected to conversations and that's how we fix that issue. But now we have another problem. Our current script inside of uh embed dist as you can see thinks that the widget is hosted here. Well that's not true. That doesn't work, right? Because if you try uh if you try and let me just go ahead and find our landing page. So, landing.html. Uh let me go ahead and open it. There we go. You can see that right now something's not working in this landing page. In fact, I have an error in the vidget.js script. So, something's obviously broken. Why is it failing? It's failing because we are trying to load vidget. Well, first of all, because we're trying to load vidget.js from here, which is not where it's hosted anymore. So, this is now hosted here in X15 echo widget. So, if you save this file and refresh, then it works, but then it fails again. Why? Well, we just fixed the issue of where the script is hosted. But the widget.js JS script which is this exact one in the disc file thinks that the widget app is on localhost 3001 that's false it's not it's here so what we have to do is we have to rebuild the widget so let's go ahead inside of apps embed uh yes inside of apps embed and let's just do turbo build but before that let's go ahead and let's do I already forgot how you do it Uh, just a second. Vidget URL. There we go. That's the one we need. And change that to be https next 15 echo vidget resell.app because that's where it's uh that's where the widget is. So this part is super important, right? This is not where you host the widget script. This is where the widget application is. This is what the I frame should load. So this part, what URL is bundled within the vidget minified script is completely different than where this script is hosted. I I have a feeling it's confusing you that this is the same URL. That's just an accident. This can be any URL in the world, right? And same thing for this integration constants. any URL in the world does not matter. But what does matter is the widget script. Where does it think that the widget app is being hosted? This is where inside of this uh domain right here. So, copy it, prepare it here. Widget URL right here. PNPM build inside of apps embed. There we go. Now we have a new script inside of this right here. There we go. Widget URL is now successfully modified for production. So I will copy this widget file again. I will go inside of my widget app and inside of the public folder because that's where I'm hosting my widget file for now. Later you will change this somewhere smarter, right? Because this is super confusing that it's the same URL. So, I'm going to delete the old one and I'm going to paste the new one. Make sure the new one has the proper widget URL and simply rename this to vidget.js. Perfect. Now that we have this couple of things modified here, what you can do is in the root of your app, oh, or yeah, no need to open a new branch for this entire thing. You can just go ahead and uh stage all changes. Let's call this. So this is what the 35 deployment. Sure. 35 deployment commit. You can immediately push on your main branch because when you push on the main branch or if you merge a pull request into the main branch, this will trigger various redeployments on Versel. As you can see, it's it's cued, right? Because I have some other ones. uh deployments. Let's see. There we go. So now it's rebuilding my Echo web. Why is it rebuilding echo web? Well, because we just modified echo web. We modified uh the next config to redirect to uh in so it doesn't show that empty page and instead it just shows the conversation. So make sure you don't have a typo here or it will lead to a 404. And after that it will rebuild this uh because we added a new public script there. So, this is why you shouldn't host the the widget script here because every time you update the widget script, instead of just uploading a new one to your CDN, you have to rebuild the entire widget app, right? That makes no sense. But just for development purposes, I'm showing you how you can do that. So, I'm going to pause. We're going to test this and then we're going to test again our uh pretend landing page in the embed here. Right? This is where we are pretending that we are some user trying to integrate our app. And here we have both apps fully deployed or should I say redeployed. So I'm going to go ahead and go into their respective projects now. So let me go ahead and click in next echo web. Click on the domain. Always use this URL. Don't use this specific branch URL. So, let me go ahead and open this. Okay, this works perfectly fine. Let's And yeah, if you've noticed, I'm not sure if you noticed, but now we no longer have that root page. It just redirects to the conversations. So, that's what we modified. Perfect. So, that works just fine. Uh, now we have integrations to check. So, HTML uses the new host next 15 echo vidget for sale. Again, not the perfect solution, but it works. Yes. Uh, and now you can copy this and you can put it in your landing page. But before we do that, let's check. And you can actually copy this source here and try to access it yourself. And in here, you can see our minified script, right? That's where we are hosting it. And in here you can check that this script thinks that the vidget app is hosted in the correct URL which means that now let's pretend again I am a brand new customer and I click HTML. I copy this and I go inside of my HTML landing page and in my body here I add the script with my organization ID and the proper uh URL here. So then I'm going to go ahead here and let's go ahead and open this and everything works. Hello. Let's call this production production mail.com. Hi there. Is this working in production? And let's finally check in our conversations. There we go. We are in production. Amazing. Amazing job. You just finished a super super long, super complex tutorial. I think this is my most in-depth tutorial yet. The closest to an actual B2B realworld SAS. Thank you so so much for following. Remember to like, share, and subscribe, and leave a comment if you liked it. Uh, and see you in the next tutorial. Amazing, amazing job.